Innovation, the state of China's successful construction of energy efficient weapon gangue crusher



With the continuous development of national economic strength, the increasing demand for energy resources, and gradually on the energy and resources industry constitutes an increasing pressure. In the increasingly scarce energy situation, China's increasing emphasis on secondary development and utilization of mining waste and other resources. Coal gangue as one of the main waste in coal development. In recent years, coal gangue is no longer just regarded as the largest number of industrial solid waste, and as a resource, through the coal gangue crusher broken, in the chemical industry, building materials, metallurgy, light industry and other fields have been extensive The research and application of coal gangue resource has become the focus of the comprehensive utilization of coal gangue.

For the comprehensive utilization of coal gangue, the main process is to coal gangue through crusher, milling machine and other equipment broken, milling to the appropriate size, and then applied to the relevant areas. At present, the scope of available coal gangue is very wide, so the building brick, instead of clay as brick raw materials. The comprehensive utilization of coal gangue will be an effective way to alleviate the shortage of resources. However, the comprehensive utilization of coal gangue is usually required to use coal gangue crusher, including jaw crusher, impact crusher, Raymond Mill, vertical mill, vibrating screen, vibration feeder and other equipment. Shanghai Shibang Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state-industry) production of heavy hammer crusher is the introduction of advanced production technology at home and abroad on the basis of continuous research and development and innovation and the successful manufacture of fly ash recycling for the manufacture of new crusher , For the majority of users at home and abroad to provide a new, efficient, energy-saving, suitable for crushing brittle, hard, low water content of various materials, in building materials, metallurgy, chemical, thermal power industry, mainly for Crushed coal, coal gangue, sandstone, shale, limestone, gypsum and other minerals, with smooth operation, reliable, long life, compact structure, less dust, low noise, light weight, easy maintenance, low power consumption, Material and other characteristics of strong.


CBBC believes that coal gangue as one of the main solid wastes of coal resources, has a huge potential for utilization and development of the market. If the coal gangue can be fully utilized, only this year for coal mining enterprises can save a lot of coal gangue transport, handling, land costs, and new output value. To this end, the company specializes in research and development of coal gangue crusher for individual users and small and medium enterprises is the most effective investment, which can effectively save the cost of customers to buy equipment. CBBC has always been adhering to the professional, serious and responsible attitude to provide our clients with the most satisfactory service. The company's production of coal gangue crusher with its excellent quality, perfect technical support, professional after-sales service for many power, cement, mining industry users to provide a complete integrated production design, by the customer's strong recognition and welcome The