The relationship between the speed and efficiency of the impact crusher



What is the relationship between the speed and efficiency of the impact crusher? Shibang industry pointed out that the impact of crusher is a new type of high efficiency of the crushing equipment, counterattack crusher in the high-speed railway, highway, construction and other industries in the gravel production, the impact crusher as a necessary equipment. Coupled with the impact of crusher out of the grain into a polyhedron, with the concrete closely, the national highway designated equipment. In particular, the impact crusher on the material crushing granularity and finished product size comprehensive is better, by the gravel industry trust.
First, the impact crusher in the operation of the quality and efficiency of the crusher crusher are from the speed, crushing efficiency is increased with the speed, high speed will exacerbate the main throwing head wear, seriously affecting the crusher Of the service life. CBBC Industries to remind counter-crusher users reasonable and correct use of counter-crusher equipment, to achieve the desired production efficiency.
Second, in addition, the impact crusher compared with the hammer crushing, impact crusher crushing large size, and the rotor high-speed impact energy. It is driven by the motor in the operation, the rotor high-speed rotation, the material into the plate hammer area, and the rotor on the plate hammer crashed, and then thrown into the counterattack device again broken, and then from the counter-liner back To the plate hammer area to re-broken, the process repeated, the material from large to small into one, two, three counterattack cavity repeated broken, until the material is broken to the required size, discharged from the discharge port. Heavy-duty rotor impact crusher has the advantages of simple structure, large crushing ratio, low energy consumption, high output and light weight, and the finished product is broken.
The above is the state of the industry for the impact crusher and its speed and efficiency of the relationship between the introduction of this hope that our business for the impact crusher have a deeper understanding. If you have more questions, please contact our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.