'Twelve Five' mining machinery market demand continues to enlarge



The development of high-speed rail drive the country's economic development leap, and the development of mining machinery will promote the high-speed rail shine. According to the relevant data show that by 2015 China's mining machinery industry sales will reach 900 billion yuan, the average annual growth rate of about 17%, of which exports accounted for about 20 billion US dollars, will become a veritable mine machinery first Big country.
Mining machinery in the 'second five' period, in addition to the growth of domestic demand, the mining machinery industry outside the market will continue, will be in the 'second five' continue to enlarge. According to the relevant experts speculated that in the second half of 2011 by the western development planning, other regional revitalization planning and urbanization, high-speed railways, highways, mining machinery and nuclear power construction investment, mining machinery and gravel material production equipment such as heavy hammer Machine, large jaw crusher and so on.
According to the data of the Construction Machinery Industry Federation, the data of the whole industry of the machinery industry totaled 89552.51 billion yuan, up by 35.31% over the same period of last year. The growth rate increased by 25.61 percentage points over the same period of last year. Sub-industry production are showing growth momentum. In the 12 sub-sectors, the mining machinery industry's fastest growth, followed by mining equipment machinery industry, machinery industry, mechanical base and internal combustion engine industry. Compared with the same period last year, the growth rate of the above five industries are more than 35%.
According to the relevant data from January to August 2011, the production of sand and gravel material production equipment industry around the high-speed rail, subway and other related machinery industry is facing a broad market demand, will promote the mining machinery industry continues to develop.