Shibang heavy machine crusher equipment acceleration subway laying, to promote the completion of Zhengzhou Metro Line 1 as soon as possible



Yesterday, a group of Zhengzhou subway vehicle photos began to circulate in the river forum. Zhengzhou City, said the person concerned, Zhengzhou Metro Line 1 train has been off the assembly line. At the same time, the first line of subway line laying project is also in full swing in full swing. June 6, 2009 9:30 am, Zhengzhou people long-awaited Zhengzhou Metro Line 1 project was officially started. From 1974 to try to start, 35 years, Zhengzhou people have been working for the construction of subway. June 6, Zhengzhou subway opened, marking the 35 years of Zhengzhou City, the subway dream is coming true, a new way of life is screaming toward us. Shanghai will be more convenient and fast access to the subway era.
With the implementation of Zhengzhou City subway project, Zhengzhou will really enter the scope of a city, as a provincial capital city, subway project construction, which is an effective sign of Shanghai's social productivity. Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state state industry) as the province's mining machinery industry pioneer, knowing that the construction of the subway is essential to a large number of gravel raw materials, simply rely on outsourcing can not solve the fundamental problem, so Subway construction project is bound to seek homemade method, and the state-owned R \u0026 D and manufacturing jaw crusher can be done for the subway construction to provide adequate gravel material, so the jaw crusher has gradually become the subway construction infrastructure.
In recent years, with the state on the subway high-speed rail project attaches great importance to the relevant policies continue to introduce. In view of the subway high-speed rail construction of artificial sand and gravel demand is growing and subway high-speed rail construction advantages of a very high technical content of construction, artificial sand and concrete requirements are very high. Line 1 comprehensive laying project makes the subway construction of aggregate, aggregate and other materials increased demand, need to rely on crushers and other gravel equipment support. Now there are many types of crusher equipment on the market, the model is also varied, the state industry is specialized in producing crusher, sand making machines and other mining machinery enterprises, independent production of jaw crusher, counterattack crusher, impact crusher And other equipment, are state-owned industry under the careful research and development, from the subway project safety and other comprehensive factors, to create a high quality, quality assurance of gravel production line equipment, is the ideal of many railway construction products. In order to meet the fragmentation of artificial sand and gravel material, the state industry in the equipment technology, through the jaw crusher and other stone primary technical upgrading, from the beginning of the traditional jaw crusher to the development of large cranes with crushed stone Crusher, specifically for the subway construction project to provide high quality gravel aggregate. And jaw crusher crushing ratio, product size uniformity, very good to meet the needs of the production of gravel material.
CBBC industry knows the quality of the subway after the completion of good or bad directly linked with the safety of the people's lives, and the quality of gravel is related to the construction of the project, the quality of sand depends on the quality of gravel equipment quality The In order to provide the most quality crusher and other gravel equipment to the subway construction project, the state industry will, as always, do the quality supervision of the crusher to produce the equipment to meet the requirements. Since its establishment in 1997, the state has been committed to the crusher, milling machines, sand making machines and other mining equipment R \u0026 D and production, years of experience has created a state of industry in the crusher industry unshakable position. Looking to the future, the state state of industry will continue to uphold the quality of products and good social reputation, help Zhengzhou Metro Line early completion at the same time, to promote national projects and mining career development.