Iron ore prices fall cone crusher into a new favorite




The same time as the above-


The latest statistics show that on May 15, the country's major steel mills issued a total of 10 price adjustment information, the number of steel prices continue to reduce prices, the price fell across the board. Among them, the steel mills in nine steel mills to adjust the building materials, prices continue to fall, down from 150 yuan / ton to 10 yuan / ton range. In addition, there is a steel mill on the price of the board down, down in the range of 80 yuan to 100 yuan / ton.


It is understood that, due to the steel market downturn, steel mills to buy enthusiasm is not high, resulting in further weakening the demand for imported ore market, in the absence of demand and transaction support, import ore prices continue to fall. 'At present, most of the negative factors in the market, business mentality further deterioration, buyers and sellers cautious wait and see, the market turnover less.


In the supply and demand contradiction, poor turnover conditions, the steel market continued to weaken, which also affected the iron ore market. Recently, iron ore prices showed a rapid decline in the trend. Iron ore processing equipment Jaw crusher is the most widely used, it is mainly used for iron ore crushing links, in order to achieve higher production efficiency, often need to iron ore as much as possible, the iron ore broken to The smallest particle size. Can provide a smaller product size, the use of laminated equipment to complete the main crushing task of iron ore is the most economical mode of production.


CBBC always adhere to the road of independent research and development, and continuously enhance the core competitiveness of enterprises, has now become a well-known domestic manufacturers of mining machinery industry, causing widespread concern inside and outside the industry. In the continuous development of new technology, has introduced a single horizontal hydraulic cone crusher and multi-cylinder hydraulic cone crusher and spring cone crusher series, the development of key gradually to capture the basic technology and basic parts of the independent manufacturing, Improve the level of independent research and development manufacturing, production of crusher crushing smaller size, larger output, wear parts of the longer life, large-scale iron ore beneficiation in a large number of use.


The production of cone crusher series is undisputed to become the world's most popular iron ore processing equipment, combined with iron ore mining environment, using the latest technology and technology, in the coarse, crushed, ultra-fine iron ore Processing sieve, can simplify the broken process, cost savings, safe and reliable. The new structure, new technology, high-tech, intelligent combination of the perfect combination of mature products, improve the mining machinery and equipment products, technical performance and added value, but also for customers to maximize the benefits.