Crusher in the mining of green development of merit



The same time as the above-

With the increase in the population of China's industrialization, urbanization accelerated the development stage, mineral resources consumption. At present, China's resource shortage is more and more serious, which is inseparable from the backward mining operations, especially mine mining this extensive production mode is to make the environment suffered a serious threat. Crusher industry is the construction of our country, especially the national infrastructure and mining support industry, crusher technology and environmental protection design directly determines the degree of energy-saving production of the country, therefore, the production of green energy-saving equipment will become the future of new crushing Machine business to occupy the market of the magic weapon. In recent years, the rapid development of crusher industry, therefore, coupled with mining, cement and other industries launched a large scale, therefore, crusher production enterprises throughout the country throughout the development. The development of energy-saving crusher and other equipment has become the key to change the mode of production mining.


In the context of the continuous rise in global prices of mineral products, the production costs of mineral demand enterprises continue to grow, in the global supply of mineral resources under the situation, the mineral resources processing and utilization of the remaining residue, tailings, contains the second Use of business opportunities. China is a mining power, the development and utilization of long accumulated large number of tailings, can 'turn waste into treasure', but also effectively alleviate the resources and environmental pressures.


For the domestic tailings recycling, the state-owned R \u0026 D has introduced CS series of cone crusher, VSI / 5X high-impact impact crusher, LM vertical mill and MTW European version of the mill and other equipment to solve the tailings Water slag, slag, fly ash and other large projects in the recovery problem, and to solve the tailings recycling low production, high energy consumption and technical problems, so that a lot of waste materials are effectively used, the state of industry to research and development as the driving force, Innovation, professional ideas to lead the industry trend, depending on the quality of life, and continuously improve product quality and brand value.


Shanghai Shi Bang industry specializing in the production, including impact crusher, hammer crusher, European version of jaw crusher and so on. In order to change the mining waste pollution, our company is committed to research and development of energy efficient new building materials equipment, to create intelligent, green crusher. In the environment-friendly, large-scale crusher production on the great efforts for China's sustainable development of the great cause of building blocks.