Shibang Heavy Industry Impact Crusher for the construction industry to create high-quality materials



Building materials constitute the material basis of buildings and structures, with the development of social production and materials science and development, human society with the development of the history of the invention and development. Road and bridge construction is an important part of civil engineering, road building materials are used for subgrade, pavement, bridges, tunnels and other parts of the various components and structures and eventually constitute the building material. Now, with the rock mining equipment and crushing machinery processing technology continues to improve, greatly expanding the application of granite. Granite stone has become an indispensable building materials, granite sand in China's future development of the construction industry occupies a very important position and role in the current national economy to create a pillar industry.
With the large-scale construction of highway construction in China, the use of road construction materials and the development of faster and faster, which mine machinery and equipment manufacturers is undoubtedly a good opportunity for development. Shanghai Shi Bang Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. specializing in the production of crusher equipment, mainly counterattack crusher, European version of jaw crusher, cone crusher, roller crusher, the state of the production of equipment, energy consumption, efficiency High and environmentally friendly. Which counterattack crusher compared with other, in the overall structure and working principle are different, the device is the use of impact crushing, the material is more in line with the standard stone. The impact crusher has a large crushing ratio; the product size is cube shape, can improve the quality of concrete products; selective crushing, can be a wide product size, through the structural design can also be narrow product size; excellent over-iron performance ; The structure is simple, easy maintenance, vibration is small, the relative low energy consumption of the salient features.
Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial independent research and development production of counterattack crusher, is based on the hammer crusher developed. Is the impact of kinetic energy to crush the material crushing machinery, the working principle and performance structure has many similarities. The hammer of the counter-crusher is rigidly connected to the rotor, and the crushing zone in the casing is crushed and hammered. When the large pieces of material are fed from the feed port, the hammer is first crushed by the bottom-up impact and is quickly thrown into the counter-plate by hammering, or bouncing back to the crushing zone, again by the hammer Impact, continue to repeat the process. On the way back and forth, the material will collide with each other, resulting in self-crushing. After multiple, multiple effects of the composite crushing, if the material particle size is less than the punch plate and the gap between the head, will be discharged from the lower part of the housing discharge; if greater than the gap, will be rigid hammer milling and grinding Cut off until unloaded. Can basically complete the construction materials required for solid material crushing requirements.