A few tips on roller crushers



The same time as the above-

To the composition of the roller, roller bearing, compression and adjustment devices and drive devices and other parts of the composition of circular vibrating screen. The same time as the above-


Adjusting the size of the discharge: Between the two rollers are equipped with wedge or gasket adjustment device, the top of the wedge device is equipped with adjustment bolts, when the adjustment bolt to pull up the wedge, the wedge will move the roller from the fixed wheel , That is, the gap between the two rollers becomes larger and the particle size of the discharge becomes larger. When the wedge is down, the movable roller becomes smaller and the particle size becomes smaller under the action of the compression spring. The gasket device is to adjust the size of the material by increasing the amount or thickness of the gasket. When the gasket is increased, the gap between the two rollers becomes larger. When the gasket is reduced, the gap between the two rollers becomes smaller and the particle size becomes smaller The The same time as the above-


Drive principle: the drive mechanism is driven by two motors, through the V-belt drive to the wheel on the wheel, in accordance with the relative direction of movement. In the broken material, the material from the feed through the roller, crushed and crushed, broken product from the bottom of the bottom of the discharge. The same time as the above-


In the premise of safety, the transmission part should be based on the actual situation to install safety cover.


1) to strengthen the iron ore to work. Non-crushed material (drill bit and other objects) fall into the roller will damage the roller crusher, resulting in a parking accident.


2) sticky material is easy to plug the broken space, in the treatment of jamming failure should be parking, not in the operation of poking mine. The same time as the above-


3) When dealing with the material containing large chunks, it should be noted that large pieces of ore easily squeezed out from the broken space to prevent injury or damage to equipment. The same time as the above-


4) After the roller crusher has been running for a long time, due to the large wear of the roller surface, it will cause the product size to be too fine. At this time, pay attention to adjust the discharge port or repair the equipment. The same time as the above-


5) to strengthen the inspection of the equipment, the lubrication of the equipment on time to refuel, to maintain good lubrication equipment. The same time as the above-


Shanghai is a collection of mining machinery product development, manufacturing and sales as one of the large enterprises, the main products are series, industrial milling series, mineral processing equipment series, dryer equipment series. I focus on each company's production processes, Cengcengbaguan, determined not to let a substandard products factory. And has an experienced service team, in the 'all the rest assured customers,' the purpose of a variety of flexible service approach, in order to allow every customer to enjoy the thoughtful, rest assured that the service. CBBC industry to remind the majority of users to carefully read the above points, the life of the machine and play a great role.