Impact crusher where the advantages of limestone processing



Limestone is a sedimentary rock consisting mainly of calcite, calcium carbonate (CaCO3). Limestone often contains a certain amount of silicon or siliceous bone fragments, as well as different clays of clay, sludge and sand. Most gravel is limestone and dolomite. It is mainly used for construction purposes, but a large part of it is also protected on the coastline. In the building, crushed limestone is used as a concrete aggregate mixture.
The limestone impact crusher is a crushing machine that uses impact energy to break the material. The machine work, driven by the motor, the rotor high-speed rotation, the material into the plate hammer area, and the rotor hammer hammer crashed, and then was thrown to the counterattack device again broken, and then from the counter-liner Bounce back to the plate hammer area re-broken, the process repeated, the material from large to small into one, two, three, counterattack cavity repeated broken, until the material is broken to the required size, discharged from the discharge port. Adjust the gap between the counter and the rotor can be achieved to change the material size and material shape of the purpose. The series of equipment can handle particle size of not more than 500 mm, compressive strength of not more than 360 MPa of various materials. With a large crushing ratio, high crushing efficiency, easy maintenance and so on. Impact crusher with its excellent performance and good performance, is widely used in highway construction, water conservancy and construction with gravel processing and other fields.
The limestone impact crusher has a multi-cavity uniform crushing, suitable for crushing hard rock; low large inlet, easy to set up and increase the size of the feed line; new wear-resistant materials to plate hammer, counterattack plate and liner life Longer hard; high chrome plate hammer, the unique counter-liner, especially for hard rock broken, efficient energy-saving; hard rock broken, efficient energy-saving; are the whole structure of the nest material is more small particle size and cuboid, 9. The full hydraulic open, easy to repair and replace the wearing parts; large mouth, broken cavity high, high hardness to adapt to the material, large block, the product stone powder less The performance and advantages.