Crushing Theory of Conical Crusher



What is the crushing theory of a cone crusher? Shibang Industries pointed out that the cone crusher crushing process regularity of the theoretical point of view is based on the physical classical mechanics based on the researchers trying to produce the maximum from the unit energy consumption of new surface, and did not take into account the material is actually a lot Different phases, such as different phases in the rock, are crystals of minerals, fibers in plants, microcrystals in metals and ceramics. In order to analyze the concept of solid-body solidification, the theory of selective dissociation of polycrystalline aggregates has been established, which is the result of the microcracking of Griffith New Oroven The theory of the development of the hypothesis of dislocation. they think:
First, the strength and plastic mechanism of the solid and the existence of lattice defects associated with them, that is, different types of dislocations, like the weak structure of the crystal structure of the same role, a lot of material in the plastic deformation is achieved because the crystal group along the edge Or helical dislocation is relatively sliding. The edge dislocation extends on the sliding surface in the direction perpendicular to the sliding vector. Their movement resembles the displacement along the carpet and is easier to achieve than moving the entire carpet. Helical dislocation The vertical sliding surface is arranged, but parallel to the direction of the sliding vector, the helical dislocation movement corresponds to the nature of the movement of the edge of the cardboard in its bottom section.
Second, the solid actual strength is lower than the theoretical value by two or more orders of magnitude, because of the presence of microcracks in the solid, resulting in internal stress concentration. For example, 0.1 crack can reduce the strength of the object 100 times, deep 1Oyrn crack, can reduce the strength of the object 1000 times.
Third, to determine the reasons for the destruction of solid strength to be considered due to the accumulation of dislocation caused by micro-stress concentration and cracks due to such defects caused by macro-stress concentration. When the corresponding shear stress component reaches a certain critical value, the dislocation slip begins to occur when the material exceeds the critical value.
The above is the state of the industry for the crusher crushing theory of the introduction, if you have more questions, please consult our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.