CBBC: the development and utilization of wollastonite powder to the development of the mining industry to provide new opportunities



In recent years, the state has introduced a series of policies and measures to promote the healthy development of wollastonite, wollastonite reform and development of significant results, significantly improved production safety situation, wollastonite powder development and utilization level has been greatly improved. It is important to cultivate new economic growth point, the future development and utilization of wollastonite powder industry will have a huge and blank space for development, which also for the development of mining machinery industry to provide new opportunities.
Wollastonite powder is a short fibrous inorganic powder. In some applications, such as ceramics, glass-ceramic, metallurgical slag and other anti-asbestos substitutes, paper pulp substitutes, plastic and rubber reinforced filler and some paint filler, wollastonite powder can replace asbestos fibers, paper Fiber and plastic and rubber and other polymer-based composite materials, such as high-level reinforced filler, have a greater application value and economic value. Therefore, the ultra-fine wollastonite needle-like powder processing technology is one of the main deep-processing technology of wollastonite.
At present, wollastonite crushing and milling more use of jaw crusher and ultra-fine milling machine, in wollastonite processing, China should strengthen the development of crushing and milling equipment to accelerate the construction of large enterprises to produce fine powder and Acicular powder-based; increase the study of wollastonite polymers, increased in the plastic and friction materials and other industrial applications, in order to significantly increase the added value of wollastonite. CBBC industry based on years of experience in the production of milling machine, equipment constantly updated, technology continues to improve. Developed a new type of milling machine. According to the hardness of the processing materials and the fineness of the material and the final output, the mill can be divided into mine milling machine, high pressure hanging roller mill, strong ultra-fine milling machine, HGM ultra-fine milling machine Type of machine. CBBC actively respond to market demand and improve the demand for equipment development of mining machinery mill.