Large jaw crusher energy consumption and efficiency of the introduction



Shi Bang industry pointed out that the jaw crusher (referred to as jaw broken) is widely used in various industries, E broken the basic principle is driven by the pulley and the associated eccentric shaft rotation, driving the jaw for the plane complex movement , The use of dynamic, fixed jaw between the relative movement to achieve material crusher. Here, the state state of the large jaw crusher on the energy consumption and efficiency of some of the introduction:
First, the state state large jaw crusher with crushing ratio, finished grain size uniformity, simple structure, easy manufacturing, low operating costs, the use of maintenance and other advantages, so the jaw crusher is currently the most widely used crusher. With the increase in open pit mining, especially the 'less grinding and more broken' technology proposed, jaw toward the large-scale (feed mouth width greater than 600mm), high productivity direction, there have been 1500 × 1800 large jaw broken, This jaw broken with high quality, high yield, low cost, low energy consumption characteristics.
Second, the small and medium-sized jaw broken generally used grease lubrication or manual lubrication, grease lubrication generally 3-6 months to replace once, when the need to clean the rolling bearings; manual lubrication with oil gun to the oil, the general interval of 3-5 days to the oil. In view of the large size, large weight, grease lubrication and oil lubrication are more difficult, Red Star machine for this point to make large jaw broken automatic refueling multi-point lubrication system, the system consists of oil pump, oil pipe and control system, Jaw broken bearings and other lubricating parts of the actual needs of automatic oil supply, this system is convenient and practical, eliminating the need for artificial refueling inconvenience and trouble.
Third, the large jaw crusher with hydraulic coupling start, can shorten the motor start time, improve the start performance, reduce the starting average current, improve the motor starting capacity, thus protecting the motor and the impact of the power grid, play energy saving effect. Such as large jaw broken, the use of oil pump oil supply system, hydraulic coupling can also start the pump motor and jaw broken motor, the use of hydraulic coupling drive, start the pump motor, separated by a certain time and then start jaw broken motor, Large jaw broken motor started a complete, the whole process of smooth and orderly vibration without vibration, so to solve the two motor drive large jaw broken order of the problem, and save energy.
The above is the state industry for large jaw crusher energy consumption and efficiency of the introduction, the state industry pointed out that under normal circumstances large jaw broken installation, maintenance is very inconvenient, load changes are relatively large, and operating environment conditions are poor. The state-of-the-art industry has improved the design from the aspects of improving the reliability, applicability and disassembly of the machine. It not only makes the jaw crusher assembled, but also is simple and practical. It is simple and practical, Equipment life and reliability. If you have more questions, please contact our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.