Iron and steel machinery industry to guide the status of crusher equipment towards the 'green' development



The same time as the above-

In order to ensure the healthy and stable development of China's steel industry, the domestic market has realized that the use of existing advanced mineral processing technology and equipment at home and abroad, in order to ensure the steady development of China's iron and steel industry, China's iron ore resources for efficient, economical, environmental protection, the depth of development and processing, to meet the domestic market demand for iron ore has a great impact. From the level of equipment, domestic iron ore equipment in the reliability, intelligence and information, although still behind the international advanced level, but in recent years continue to improve, constantly sum up, in equipment R \u0026 D, design, manufacture and commissioning, etc. Links have been a significant breakthrough, shortening the gap with the advanced countries.


The development of iron and steel industry has greatly promoted the progress and innovation of iron ore dressing technology. Especially in recent years, high-quality iron ore resources gradually developed exhausted, domestic and foreign mineral processing workers for the development and utilization of refractory iron ore in-depth systematic research work, developed a number of advanced mineral processing technology, technology, equipment and Pharmacy. Shanghai Shi Bang industry carefully designed mineral processing lines, the main mineral processing equipment are jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher, ball mill and so on.


For a long time, China's extensive industrial production model has resulted in a great waste of resources and environmental damage. In recent years, with the problem of energy shortage more and more prominent, environmental pollution has seriously affected people's lives, low-carbon environmental protection has become the world's common pursuit of economic growth, especially after entering the 'second five' plan , Building a resource-saving and environment-friendly society has become the consensus of the whole society. Mining machinery industry as a relatively large energy use of the industry, but also do everything we can to reduce energy consumption and achieve green development. Shanghai Shi Bang industry has always insisted on reducing the energy consumption of equipment products, follow the concept of low-carbon environmental protection, to speed up from the extensive industrial production mode to resource-intensive intensive development, China's mine crusher equipment enterprises to achieve sustainable development.


Iron ore