Increasing Coal Utilization Efficiency by Innovation in Shibao Heavy Industry Crushing Equipment



The same time as the above-

International coal industry boom. Coal is the world's most reserves, the most widely distributed conventional energy, but also the cheapest energy. In recent years, the global economy continued to grow, oil and natural gas prices rose sharply, leading to rapid growth in global coal demand, prices gradually rising.


Domestic demand for coal is strong. In recent years, China's national economy sustained and rapid development, electricity, metallurgy, building materials, chemical and other industries led to the rapid development of a substantial increase in demand for coal, consumption increased year by year. Insufficient supply of coal. The state to increase macro-control efforts to clean up coal projects under construction, control of new projects, to a certain extent, inhibited the excessive growth of coal investment, capacity expansion rate is effectively curbed. The uneven distribution of railway transport capacity determines the long-term existence of regional coal supply and demand imbalance. This is the comprehensive utilization of the coal industry, improve the efficiency of the use of coal put forward higher requirements. Milling equipment, crusher and other mining equipment as the necessary development of the coal industry processing equipment, including the World Bank, including all enterprises, including enterprises continue to enhance the independent innovation capability of mine equipment, in order to adapt to the coal industry equipment requirements.


Many coal machinery enterprises based on their own foundation and advantages, to speed up the construction of a high level of equipment manufacturing base, through the creation of new modern plant and technological innovation, and comprehensively enhance the production capacity. Shibang Industrial production of crusher class equipment, including the European version of jaw crusher, the European version of the impact crusher, hammer crusher, cone crusher, etc., sand making equipment, including sand, sand washing machine, vibration Feeding machine, round vibrating screen, belt conveyor, etc., milling equipment, including Raymond Mill, high pressure medium speed milling machine, high pressure powder mill, tricyclic medium speed mill, ultra-fine grinding Powder machine, ball mill and so on. Companies can be tailored according to your needs for your stone production line, sand production lines, milling production lines. The company from beginning to end to continuously enhance the ability of independent innovation, product research and innovation as the focus of the work, at the same time the company's coal machinery and equipment quality steadily improved. The company's business and service agencies are distributed in a wide range of locations, ranging from engineering stone, building sand to engineering fines, and state-of-the-art industrial equipment to meet their productivity and durability in harsh operating conditions The production of indicators and the world's strict demand for products. In coal machinery, ball mill, shaker, feeder, crusher and so are the coal machinery is indispensable.


In the future for a long time, the basic position of coal in China's energy can not be shaken, the national industrial policy is conducive to the healthy development of the coal industry. In the face of such a situation, as a domestic ten years as one day continue to devote themselves to mine machinery R \u0026 D and manufacturing manufacturers, the state industry will further strengthen the independent innovation capability, enhance the product in the manufacturing design, processing technology, high strength materials and key quality indicators And other aspects of the level, and truly enhance their independent research and innovation capacity; full attention to market development, it is necessary to layout the domestic market, but also increase the overseas market development.