Shibang heavy industry crusher to help run the cement industry transformation of gravel market



The same time as the above-

The current situation, the excess capacity of cement has become an indisputable fact, cement companies must go to upgrade the way to enhance the development potential of enterprises to seek new economic growth point. In the cement industry to accelerate the pace of integration of resources, corporate mergers and acquisitions wave of arrival, many cement companies face industry situation is grim, in this is related to 'mergers' or 'rapid growth' of the critical moment, choose to enter the gravel, concrete industry. Professional crusher manufacturer Shi Bang industry has been determined by the multi-party research, this industry will establish a cement as the core, with gravel, concrete for the leveraged building materials industry chain.


For cement enterprises, in the agglomerate into the aggregate industry, with mine resources, capital, and business management experience and other advantages, is very suitable for the development of aggregate industry. Today, many large cement companies have been in the development or planning to enter the aggregate. Cement enterprises to enter the gravel industry, resource restructuring, standardization of development will have to promote and regulate the role. Cement plant to take into account the aggregate production of aggregate, not only changed the pattern of China's cement industry development, accelerating the pace of structural adjustment of the cement industry; it is important to provide a joint expansion by the size of the stock, relying on management to create value of the new business growth Way to achieve the enterprise growth model of innovation.


Since its inception, CBBL has been engaged in the research and development and production of innovative equipment, with a strong focus on the research and development of stone crusher and sand making machine. It has introduced a variety of ore crusher production equipment. , Basalt, etc., introduced a new type of impact crusher is mainly used for metal ore crushing, quartz sand production, steel slag processing and other fields, for highways, highways, high-rise buildings, municipal works, hydropower dam construction, port terminals, concrete mixing Station to provide the best quality aggregate aggregate, by the majority of customers of all ages and praise, undisputed to become the crusher industry and the field of stone shaping the core equipment.


As an important partner in the domestic cement industry, CBBC believes that cement companies should be able to realize the importance of cement enterprises to enter the aggregate industry, the necessary equipment crusher and other equipment selection and product quality have a new understanding, Can reduce the maintenance costs of late equipment, so as to better promote the cement enterprises into the aggregate industry.