What are the precautions for jaw crusher installation?



What are the precautions for jaw crusher installation? Shi Bang industry pointed out that the jaw crusher in the work of a large amount of vibration, so the machine should be installed on the basis of reinforced concrete structure, the basis of the weight of the machine can take the weight of 8-10 times, the depth of the foundation is greater than the The depth of the land freeze. Installation of anchor bolts must be reserved for the hole, as the basis for secondary grouting. The height and size of the chute are determined by the field according to the way of the lower discharge. In addition, should also note the following:
First, in order to reduce the vibration, in the installation of equipment, should be in the crusher and concrete foundation pad with no less than 10 mm thick cloth rubber belt to do cushioning material, to be secondary grouting cement firmly and then tighten the anchor bolts. In these processes, the level of the machine must be measured with the level of the machine. The deviation of the level is within 2 mm of the width of the front wall of the frame. The inspection of the level of the rack is especially important. It ensures that the inlet position is not Due to skewing the crusher in the work of unilateral feeding and other phenomena, to avoid damage due to uneven load equipment.
Second, the size of the discharge port size should be required according to the size of the product and processing capacity to adjust the adjustment of the discharge port should be released when the tension spring, to be adjusted, and then adjust the spring tightening degree, to prevent When the brackets fall off during work, see the adjustment parts.
Third, the installation of the motor in addition to check the distance with the host, but also check the motor pulley and the host wheel wheel center parallel to ensure that all the V-belt work effectively and consistently.
Above is the state state of the jaw crusher installation details, hope to help our business. If you have more questions, please contact our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.