World State Heavy Industries: do the most professional domestic crushing machinery manufacturers




Shi Bang Industry is China's domestic crusher manufacturing industry's emerging star enterprises, but also Shanghai, Zhengzhou mining machinery industry backbone enterprises, product development and production services as one of the well-known enterprises. State State Industrial is committed to the technical improvement and continuous innovation of the mill, professional design, production for the powder production industry market production grinding, crushing and ultrafine grinding equipment, mineral processing equipment. Advanced technology and modern management experience to the state of the industry has a solid strength, won the domestic market and customers of the vast praise. State-owned industry from the beginning to continue to enhance the strength, after several years of sharpening, has accumulated rich experience in processing technology, while the company's development has laid a solid technical and financial basis. To now has become a large domestic crusher equipment manufacturers, is one of the domestic crusher production base. The success of the hidden behind the great hardships, the success of the state industry is not easy, but the state state industry has the world's advanced crusher equipment manufacturing technology, from 1997 to date, we are gradually moving to the world, relying on the current outstanding products Performance and timely service, with annual sales rising. The state-owned industry to comply with the 'honesty, create, and' the concept of corporate quality: honest - integrity, the state industry bigger and stronger of this, the eternal theme of enterprise survival; innovation - The sustainable development of enterprise development. And - affinity, state-owned industry cohesion of talent, unity of the staff of the permanent link. Shibang industrial crusher equipment is widely used in crushing all kinds of non-metallic ore, metal oxides and chemical composition, product quality, courteous service, won the majority of customers love. Second, the new technology structure is advanced and reasonable, the machine vibration is very small, low noise, smooth operation of the machine, the operation of the new technology is very good, the machine vibration is very small, Reliable performance. Material in the unit crushing time more large, more efficient. Third, the important components are used high-quality steel, wear parts are used high-performance wear-resistant materials, machine wear high performance, reliable operation. Fourth, the use of special ceramic alloy hammer, and the hammer only with the material contact, the machine low noise, low loss, product contamination very little. Fifth, the state of large industrial crusher equipment to break the previous domestic crushing machine can not be large-scale production restrictions, is conducive to improving the unit production of a single device. In the market competition, the quality of services to enterprises so that the sudden emergence of long-term stability of customers. World state industry has a characteristic business service concept: integrity-based, customer first, Rende operation, Seiko manufacturing. CBBC industry has a professional after-sales service team, in order to ensure the use of state-owned manufacturers of the normal production, the company technical service team ready to serve you. Shi Bang industry has an experienced, skilled sales service team and improve the sales service network, to provide customers with the enthusiasm of the pre-sale service and professional technical support. In the face of the future, all the people of the world will take a positive attitude to face the severe market situation to the development of enterprises to bring great challenges to seize the new development opportunities, 2012 CBN industry colleagues will be confident, solid work, The new situation of enterprise development.