World Bank: brand planning achievements of the future business



For any enterprise, the brand (Brand) is a recognition mark, a spiritual symbol, a value concept, is the core of high quality embodiment. With the development of modern market economy, today's market has entered the era of brand competition, the brand in the modern marketing and competition play an increasingly important role. Enterprises in the fierce market competition in an invincible position, it must have their own behalf of the vitality. Brand represents the competitiveness, with the sound of the brand, will bring their own a steady stream of benefits. A brand with a good reputation, not only conducive to new products, fast and smooth access to the market, but also conducive to enterprises to improve the market share of products. The same is true for the mining machinery industry. Throughout China's mining machinery industry trends, fast also contains a very broad potential. After years of development, the mining machinery industry has made indispensable contributions to many basic areas. At the same time, the industry and many enterprises and scattered, making some small manufacturers also hiding in the industry, resulting in mixed market and the overall competitiveness of the weak situation, which will become the future development of the bottleneck of the machinery industry. Therefore, for the crusher industry, to create high-end brand image, enhance the core competitiveness of enterprises, has become the focus of the future development of the mining machinery industry. Enterprises not only to clear their own status and advantages, but also need to strengthen the technological level of products and quality of high quality, enhance brand image, and develop a specific brand implementation plan, build brand is a long process. State State Industrial is specialized in producing crusher, sand making machine, milling machine and other equipment of large mining enterprises. Since its inception, the company always adhere to independent innovation and research and development, is committed to product quality, service and brand competitiveness to enhance the focus on crusher equipment intelligent, pleasant and environmentally friendly energy-saving R \u0026 D and production, casting high-end brand image, leading mining machinery industry The development of brand strategy. CBBC industry believes that crusher enterprises to cultivate and create the brand process is the process of continuous innovation, with their own innovative power in order to compete in the fierce market in an invincible position, and then consolidate the original brand equity, multi-level , Multi-angle, multi-field participation in the competition.