High - tech talent pool to lay the foundation for the transformation of the crushing equipment industry




China's mining market has been coveted the object of foreign countries, a US newspaper recently also commented that the acquisition of Chinese enterprises in developed countries, mining, overseas mergers and acquisitions in 2008 is the culmination of China's growing opportunities for mergers and acquisitions and China's challenges The rise of the creation of this trend. In the face of this situation, the Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. actively prepared, in a great breakthrough, and always in the 'unity and forge ahead, realistic and innovative' is expected in the mining machinery and equipment industry come to the fore.


In recent years, the rapid development of high-tech industries to promote people's lives and national economic growth has undergone great changes, and high-tech access is inseparable from the contribution of talent, so in order to successfully achieve our 'Made in China' to 'China Creation 'of the transformation, the importance of talent and training will become now and the future is an important strategic plan of our country.


State-owned industry has always been a national policy-oriented, to determine the direction of enterprise development. In recent years, the loss of high-quality talent overseas is a great impact on China's development. And in the distribution of talent, there is a typical 'polarization', that is, elite talent mostly concentrated in the high-end electronics industry, and some of the traditional heavy industry there is a big gap. According to the mechanical experts, large-scale, technology-based equipment is the new trend of the development of the industry, but our machinery industry in the production of large-scale equipment there is a big bottleneck. To mine, for example, the current market with the international level of large-scale machinery and equipment manufacturers really is very few, the most fundamental reason is the construction of high-quality personnel shortage.


Shi Bang industry as a mining machinery and equipment in a star, after more than 10 years of struggle all the way through the broken equipment in the crushing equipment has made great achievements, won the praise of domestic and foreign customers. CBBC industry that want to make enterprises bigger and stronger talent pool is the most important, it is understood that high-tech products with high added value, once put into the market, will get a huge market and technical profits. As a carrier of knowledge, technology and innovation ability, talent plays a decisive role in the process of high-tech industrialization. Therefore, from the point of view of technological innovation and development, it is necessary to accelerate and cultivate a large number of basic knowledge Skilled art workers have become the key to speed up industrial upgrading and upgrading, enhance the comprehensive competitiveness, to seize the commanding heights of industrial development.