What crusher is suitable for coal crushing?



What crusher is suitable for coal crushing? Shibang Industries pointed out that the crushing of coal according to the main force of its broken material can be divided into impact coal crusher, extruded coal crusher and shear coal crusher. Here, the state state industry to introduce:
First, the impact of coal crusher, including counterattack crusher, ring hammer crusher and so on. This type of crusher is a high-speed hammer to combat the material, after each blow, the material accelerated to the impact plate, the impact of the impact of repeated effects and the impact of objects in the crushing chamber of the impact of each other, The impact of the edge and the role of the impact plate was cut, in order to achieve the purpose of broken materials. This method of poor control of the broken method will lead to the production of a large amount of pulverized coal. For those with high hardness and high brittleness, the coal is smashed with this method, and the size of the feed is limited and is not suitable for coal Rough, in the broken operation. More suitable for power plants, coking coal smelting operations.
Second, the extrusion crusher mainly include jaw crusher, rotary crusher, cone crusher, roller crusher and so on. The working principle is: the material in the crusher fixed tooth plate and movable tooth plate by squeezing, splitting and bending effect was broken. Such crusher crushing the material within the crushing chamber, easily formed crushed, and easy to form large flake products, can not guarantee product size, power consumption. Mainly for the hard material broken, widely used in the field of metal mines and gravel.
Third, the British MMD company's double-tooth roller classifier, Germany's WMG-roll machine, Germany KRUPP company's double-roll crusher are all types of shear crusher. This kind of crusher makes full use of the strength characteristics of rock, coal, coke and so on, through the material shear, stretching, bending, puncturing, breaking, splitting and other purposes to achieve the purpose of crushing. This type of crusher energy saving effect is better.
The above is the state of the industry for the crushing of coal crushing models introduced, if you have more questions, please consult our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.