The Application Scope and Future Direction of Jaw Crusher



Large deep jaw crushers are currently the most widely used. Its most application is broken on the limestone, river pebbles, pebbles, basalt, granite, coal gangue, construction waste, dolomite and other materials broken.
In the limestone crushing, equipment investment is low, long-term operation and management costs lower than the same size of the traditional process equipment system about 30%, is to improve the production efficiency of grinding system, reduce powder power consumption is very effective means.
In the coal gangue crushing, the process is simple, large amount of processing, than the conventional three-level crushing and saving more than 40%, coupled with the decline in the relative cost of investment decreased, greatly reducing the operating costs of coal gangue crushing , So the cost of coal gangue recycling is very low. At the same time, the use of single-stage crusher crushed coal gangue required space covers an area of ​​small waste to waste, to solve the problem of coal gangue stacking, and truly environmental protection and energy saving.
In the construction of garbage, the current construction of garbage disposal in China to break the brick-based, and whether it is mobile crushing station or fixed construction waste production line using jaw crusher as a rough equipment, if used To make bricks often need to be crushed again.
In the dolomite crushing, large-scale still used in the rough, dolomite crushing production line in the jaw crusher in the rough break stage, the whole set of equipment production efficiency is high.
Shanghai summarizes customer feedback information that jaw crusher is the best in terms of limestone crushing, broken coal gangue, dolomite crushing. In the rapid development of science and technology today, only the scientific and technological innovation as the basis for enterprise development, national policy as a business development orientation, and actively grasp and respond to the government's new policy and industry support policies. Faced with such a huge international market, but also face such a huge competitive pressure, mining machinery and equipment industry to increase independent innovation, the establishment of core competitiveness, establish a patent and brand image is the survival and development of enterprises source of power.