Current situation of coal industry in coal industry



Although China is a rich coal country, but the population is also a basic national conditions, the current state of science and technology status of the main coal energy status unchanged, the total demand continues to increase. As China's energy main 'coal boss' to achieve 'low carbon' transition, it is urgent and urgent.
Just ended the national coal work conference revealed that coal enterprises mergers and acquisitions, large coal base construction, coal science and technology innovation will become the 'second five' during the coal industry in China's economy, low carbon three push. Its 'second five' period is to build a new coal industry system to achieve the healthy development of the coal industry an important period of coal production to large coal enterprises, large coal bases and large modern coal-based, the basic form of a stable supply pattern. Shibang industrial crushing machinery to the coal industry to achieve low-carbon transformation. Accelerate the merger and reorganization of coal mining enterprises is to protect and intensive development of coal resources, change the mode of coal development, promote industrial restructuring, improve the quality and efficiency of the development of effective ways, but also a coal industry a global urgent task.
Coal enterprises mergers and acquisitions to achieve the healthy development of the coal industry, no intention to eliminate a number of small, substandard coal mining enterprises, the merger of coal bosses can switch to invest in other industries, such as aggregate production, Construction of the current aggregate production of sand and gravel in short supply, Shanghai Shi Bang industry to create gravel aggregate production equipment crushing machinery, sand production lines, etc., can provide a full set of aggregate production equipment. Including the impact crusher, jaw crusher, vibration feeder, hammer crusher and so on.
Combined with the status of the Chinese market, China's mining machinery enterprises have been aware of the global demand for mining machinery brought about by the huge development opportunities. Many leading companies began to seize the market share through a variety of means, the new business is also eyeing, high confidence. In addition, the merger of coal enterprises need to save, low-carbon development, the state of industry to build the mill equipment mill, over pressure trapezium mill, Raymond Mill, high pressure powder mill, vertical Milling machine, etc., to crush the coal to make it fully combustible has reached environmental protection and energy conservation, in order to achieve low carbonation.
CBBC industry as a leader in the domestic mining machinery industry that the Chinese machinery industry must play a host product and host enterprises larger and have the advantages of more parts of the enterprise, the integration of resources to promote China's coal industry structure optimization and upgrading. Shibang Industries has formed a complete product chain with crusher, milling machine, sand making machine, vibrating screen, feeding machine and belt conveyor. It understands the customer's needs, adapts to the market development, constantly adjusts the product strategy, Coping with the changing market environment. Help the coal industry to achieve low carbon production.