It is key to cherish existing resources to improve utilization



'Adhere to resource development and conservation simultaneously, the savings in the first place, according to the law to maintain and rational use of resources, improve resource use efficiency, to achieve sustainable use' and 'to speed up the industrialization of waste disposal to promote the conversion of waste into available resources' China 's economic development guidelines. The development and production of coal gangue brick makes a lot of coal gangue no longer shelved, due to the appearance of clean, strong weathering resistance, natural color, you can save plastering, spraying and other processes, reduce construction and maintenance costs, and traditional clay brick Compared with a higher cost and stronger market competitiveness, its economic benefits and ecological benefits are very significant.
In recent years, the state requires the coal industry to save, low-carbon development, Shanghai Shi Bang industry for coal enterprises for heavy pollution and high energy consumption and other issues, in constant innovation and development, transformation and improvement process, to improve the crusher equipment Technical content, professional to build the mill equipment mill, high pressure hanging roller mill, Raymond Mill, HGM medium speed milling machine, a strong ultra-fine milling machine, the coal crushed to make it fully Combustion has reached environmental protection and energy conservation, in order to achieve savings and low carbon. This is also China's building materials industry to achieve soil conservation, energy saving, waste of the target to provide a new technical support.
Coal gangue is a solid waste that is discharged during coal boring, mining and washing. Coal gangue disposal is not used, occupy large tracts of land. The release or leaching of sulfides in coal gangue can pollute the atmosphere, farmland and water. Gangue hill will spontaneous combustion fire, or in the rainy season collapse, silting the river caused by the disaster. China accumulated more than 1 billion tons of coal gangue, the annual discharge of coal gangue will be 100 million tons. A large number of coal gangue deposit to the coal mine people feel uneasy, but also let some people realize that this may be a huge wealth of resources.
In order to solve the hidden danger of mining area protection environment, Shanghai Shi Bang industry development and production series, jaw crusher, impact crusher, European version of the jaw crusher and a series of equipment, after their processing of coal gangue, can greatly improve The efficiency of coal gangue brick and product grade. In the waste recycling and other environmental aspects of a great role, and by the customer's praise and praise.