Take the road of scientific and technological innovation, the state of heavy industry gravel production line to help the cement industry chain to create a new situation



It is observed that the development of the cement industry in the past two years is clearly visible, overcapacity has become China's cement industry is facing the most serious problems. In order to cope with the crisis out of the woods and in the new era to achieve new development, many cement companies began to actively reform. In some enterprises to enhance management, reduce production costs at the same time, there are many cement companies began to seek another way out, began to pay more and more attention to the downstream industry - concrete. This is also for the gravel production line, crusher, milling machine and other mining equipment development opportunities.

In recent years, with the economic development and the speed of urbanization in China to speed up the country's investment in infrastructure construction continues to increase. According to the progress of China's infrastructure investment and urbanization process, the national production of gravel material is still in a period of rapid growth. This has a resource advantage, equipment advantages and strong market advantage of the cement business has great room for development. At present, high-quality concrete sand and stone material has not only requires high performance, chemical composition of qualified, but also on the gravel material grain gradation, shape, cleanliness put forward higher requirements, which for the production of sand and gravel equipment technology Made a higher demand, crusher manufacturers are also facing new challenges and opportunities.


Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state-industry) is a world-renowned manufacturer of mining machinery professional R \u0026 D manufacturers, by the vibration feeder, the European version of the jaw crusher, impact crusher, shaker and other components of the stone production line High degree of automation, high production efficiency, low operating costs, large output, good income, finished grain particle size uniform, good grain size, in line with national high-speed materials requirements; the entire production line in addition to the equipment downtime and routine maintenance, almost Do not need manual operation. Shi Bang Industrial Company to create a full set of professional stone production line equipment can be widely used in limestone, ore and other materials crushing operations, its high efficiency, low energy, high capacity, economical and reasonable characteristics welcomed by the majority of customers, its reasonable Process configuration in building materials, infrastructure and other projects play an important role.