Clutching the link of scientific and technological innovation, the state of heavy industry, mining machinery and equipment development in good condition



The same time as the above-

According to 'China Youth Daily' reported that July 6 to 7, the National Science and Technology Innovation Conference held in Beijing. At the meeting, Hu Jintao pointed out that by 2020, our country to achieve the goal is: basically built to adapt to the socialist market economic system, in line with the law of science and technology development of Chinese characteristics of national innovation system, the original innovation capacity significantly improved, integrated innovation, the introduction of digestion and absorption Innovation and innovation capacity has been greatly enhanced, key areas of scientific research to achieve a major breakthrough in innovation, strategic high-tech field of technology research and development to achieve leapfrog development, a number of areas of innovation into the forefront of the world; innovative environment is more optimized, substantial increase in innovation efficiency, innovative talent competing to emerge , The general scientific quality of the general increase in science and technology support to lead the economic and social development capacity of a substantial increase, into the ranks of innovative countries.


Scientific and technological innovation is an important indicator to enhance the comprehensive strength of a country, and is an important force to promote the rapid development of a country. A country only has a strong independent innovation ability, in the fierce international competition to seize the initiative, to win the initiative. Especially in the key areas of the national economic lifeline and national security, the real core technology, the key technology can not buy, must rely on independent innovation. To improve the ability of independent innovation in the first of all scientific and technological work. In the state industry view, scientific and technological innovation is to promote the rapid development of enterprises the most important force. As a domestic large-scale enterprises specializing in the development, production and sales of mining machinery, Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the state-owned industry) since its inception, always adhere to the development of industry-leading technology and professional experience to protect the Earth, To serve the development of social responsibility, manufacturing for the future of high quality, environmental protection and energy saving mining machinery products.


The rapid development of state-owned industry, from the technical level should be attributed to technological innovation. 'Technology is the productive force' to promote the development of many years slogans in the mining machinery industry has been playing a guiding role. In recent years, the domestic mineral resources mining, water conservancy, transportation, housing and other infrastructure construction of milling machines, crushers, sand making machines and other mineral processing equipment demand continues to rise. In order to develop the national economic development policy call, the state industrial mining machinery and equipment in recent years has been persistent in the large-scale, intelligent, automated, low energy consumption direction, and mastered the advanced production technology, in the market will be able to Occupy a favorable position.


Enterprises to develop, we must continue to enhance their own core competitiveness. To do this, we must seize the two key not to relax: First, product development and innovation and technological progress is not relaxed; Second, customer-centric to seize market demand and change does not relax. Seize the information is the key in the new product development and innovation to aim at the world advanced level advanced technology advanced products, developed products have vitality. In the fierce competition in the mining machinery market to gain the advantage and dominance, we must strengthen their own combat effectiveness. Thousands of goods as a product fine, the state industry in the mine equipment to improve the upgrading of the problem, do not repeat the low level of others products, the crusher, milling machine, dryer, sand and other mining equipment to do fine, Continue to extend the advantages of the state. Now the mining machinery industry has become an important pillar of the national economy. The scientific and technological innovation of the mining machinery industry is of great significance to the development of China's economy. Shi Bang industry called the majority of mining machinery counterparts to act to increase the intensity of independent scientific and technological innovation, in their own development and growth at the same time for the national economic development and make due contributions.