The pyrophyllite crushing process is the first



The same time as the above-

In China's Inner Mongolia, the pyrophyllite is also called 'Bahrain stone', it and Shoushan stone, Qingtian stone, Chang fossil and called 'China's four major Indian stone.' In ancient times, this stone is called 'heavenly stone'. Modern state is an important color stone mineral, is China's printing stone one of the important varieties of raw materials.


Pyrophyllite is a common type of clay ore, which is mainly composed of acid volcanic tuff by hydrothermal alteration, and in some aluminous metamorphic rocks. Can be widely used in ceramics, refractory materials, glass fiber, carved stone and other light industry. The pyrophyllite has been widely used in industrial mill after milling, and the industrial applications are not the same for different fineness applications.


The processing of pyrophyllite requires industrial mill equipment, but in recent years the thriving mill type, in the field of pyrophyllite processing, the European version of the mill is the absolute energy efficient technology to occupy the entire market. European version of the mill to become the most suitable for the processing of pyrophyllite equipment, and its comprehensive performance and production enterprises have a great relationship between the market position.


European version of the mill R \u0026 D technology with reference to the classic high-pressure hanging roller mill, according to the domestic grinding mill on the actual use of the need to locate the mold, combined with the development trend of foreign milling machine developed. It is reported that the development of the European version of the mill lasted for many years, the positioning of the European version of the mill is also directly aimed at the requirements of the first domestic milling machine, from the internal structure of the mill to the appearance of treatment, have invested a lot of technical design, European version of the mill's performance indicators are the first domestic height. It can be seen, the European version of the mill in any place where the need for industrial milling machine fever is inevitable.


Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. is specialized in producing large-scale mining machinery and equipment manufacturers, including the production of the European version of coarse powder mill, Raymond Mill, jaw crusher, cone crusher and other equipment has been a number of patents. Rich technical precipitation and high-tech applications, so that our products in the technical content, technical performance, reliability and the use of maintenance costs are in the industry-leading level; professional attitude and deep sense of social responsibility, we focus on machine manufacturing Inexhaustible motive force; welcome to all sectors of the community to visit our company.