The crushing equipment industry should adhere to the low carbon green innovation route



In recent years, with the continuous increase in infrastructure construction in China, the crusher industry has been rapid development, with the deepening of environmental protection and energy conservation awareness, crusher industry has begun to take the green line, continue to absorb advanced technology, strengthen exchanges and cooperation , Thus achieving the crusher industry increasingly strong.
A survey shows that China's major mineral resources distribution pattern is undergoing a comprehensive change. Coupled with the support of national policies, effectively promoted the commercial geological operations. In particular, public geological operations lead to the exploration of mineral resources in the western region, is expected to form a number of large-scale iron ore base, 10 million tons of copper and lead-zinc mine base, thousands of gold base, 100 million tons of bauxite base, This will gradually change the distribution pattern of important mineral resources in China. And the development of China's mining machinery manufacturing is in a critical period, the need for a large number of technical equipment, economic globalization in the environment, China needs through the development of machinery manufacturing to achieve industrialization, and only a strong machinery manufacturing industry can become industrial Power.
Based on the current situation of the mining machinery industry, China's mining machinery enterprises should further deepen the reform, actively adjust the industrial and product structure, change the mode of economic growth, enhance the ability of independent innovation, speed up the high-end mining machinery, mineral processing equipment, crusher equipment and key parts of the R \u0026 D And market development, and further improve product quality and strengthen service awareness, improve the overall competitiveness of the whole industry, adhere to the green innovation Avenue, in order to achieve good and fast sustainable development, completed by the big change goals.
CBBC industry as a professional manufacturer of crusher, since its inception, our technology continues to improve, there have been new breakthroughs. We are trying to speed up the establishment of the company's proprietary technology pace, enhance the brand's technological advantages. Now has developed into a diversified supporting enterprise of milling machine, crusher, jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher, crusher, and sand production line, gravel production line, lime cement equipment and mineral processing equipment go hand in hand The CBBC industry with high-quality products and improve its services in the field of mining machinery has its own place in the user's mind has an irreplaceable position. In the future development of the road state industry will continue to work hard for the country's economic development and make outstanding contributions.