Shibang Heavy Industry Crusher Accelerates the upgrading of products to boost the reuse of blast furnace slag



Blast furnace slag is an industrial solid waste, blast furnace ironmaking process of the discharge of slag, also known as blast furnace slag, can be divided into steel slag, cast iron slag, ferromanganese slag and so on. Blast furnace slag for the first time has been used far away distance. The iron ore and other ingredients through the blast furnace smelting, after the residue, blast furnace slag as the metallurgical industry emissions of the most solid waste, if not to be rational use, will occupy the national land resources, will cause waste pollution.
After the mid-20th century, the comprehensive utilization of blast furnace slag developed rapidly. With the rapid development of blast furnace slag, crusher and mill equipment has become an indispensable equipment in its development. Blast furnace slag can be processed into a variety of materials into the following various materials. The following materials and then through the crusher and milling machine crushing grinding processing, you can effectively use in different industries. High-titanium blast furnace slag utilization of comprehensive utilization of research made a major breakthrough: in the extraction of titanium in the slag at the same time, other valuable metals can be recycled to produce titanium silicon alloy products. At the same time, the technology also makes the residue after titanium can be reused, fundamentally eliminating the residue on the environment pollution.
As a domestic professional manufacturer of mining machinery, the state industry that crusher and milling machine in the use of blast furnace slag production will have a better development prospects, so the industry in the future development of continuous innovation and improve technical performance , Better acting on the production of blast furnace slag. The production of crusher equipment, including impact crusher, jaw crusher, ring hammer crusher and so on. Shibang industrial crusher and mill equipment will also keep up with its development, to provide updated, better equipment, and thus better to develop their own businesses. In order to accelerate the upgrading of mature products, the state of the industry to make full use of scientific and technological achievements, to improve product reliability, applicability, continuous technology, structure and process innovation, accelerate independent innovation, new structure, new technology, Intelligent patent applications in mature products, improve the mining machinery and equipment products, technical performance and added value. Help China's blast furnace slag recycling career and the rapid development!