How to deal with the rapid development of the economy



The same time as the above-

In recent years, with the acceleration of economic globalization, China's economy has experienced a qualitative take-off, the degree of industrialization is getting higher and higher. Especially in its construction machinery manufacturing industry has played the most critical role, that is, one of the pillars of mining machinery products, but also the establishment of an independent industrial system based on the country, but also an important indicator of a country's industrial strength. As we all know, the state must progress to develop the economy, but in the process of economic construction of waste generated as a major problem restricting economic development. In the construction process of the construction of waste generated in the growing economy has become a high-speed development of the constraints.


The rapid development of the economy, bringing us rich material life, but also consume a lot of our resources. Now the world is to promote energy conservation, green. In most people's minds, crusher and energy-saving emission reduction is not on the side. But in fact, crusher in energy-saving emission reduction, especially in terms of energy saving, contributed


In order to produce large pieces of limestone, shale, sandstone, granite and so on, it is possible to break the stone with polygonal body, and the cement with the strongest surface, is the high-grade construction project, High-rise buildings, highways, dam water conservancy construction of the best aggregate. Impact crusher to adapt to the hard rock broken, the typical granite discharge particle size ≤ 40mm accounted for 90%. The machine can handle the length of 100 ~ 500 mm below the material, the compressive strength of up to 350 MPa, with crushing ratio, broken material was cube particles and so on. Impact crusher to adapt to the hard material broken, the typical granite discharge particle size ≤ 25mm accounted for 85%. Such as cement plant limestone broken. With the production capacity, the advantages of small particle size. Impact crusher to adapt to the broken concrete, the typical granite discharge particle size ≤ 30mm accounted for 85%. With a large feed specifications, high processing capacity advantages.