Shibang heavy industry crushing equipment to environmental protection into the thousands of households



With the protection of housing construction, interior decoration industry also ushered in a good job. In the premise of improving the living standards of the people, healthy living has become the main theme of each individual pursuit of each family. So the requirements of building decoration materials have also greatly improved, the most important of which is the green material. It is understood that the adsorption capacity of the sepiolite paint the successful development of an effective solution to the pollution caused by interior decoration, this new type of paint mainly used sepiolite this excellent adsorption function of the material.
Sepiolite insulation coating is made of high quality sepiolite cashmere, Russian fiber, rare earth, aluminum silicate fiber and perlite and other refractory materials, filled with high-temperature adhesive refined. Sepiolite has a sense of slippery and astringent, sticky tongue. Dry brittle Low shrinkage, good plasticity, larger than the surface, strong adsorption. Soluble in hydrochloric acid, light weight. Sepiolite also has bleaching, insulation, insulation, corrosion resistance, anti-radiation and thermal stability and other properties. Main features: one is itself pollution-free, the second is the air can be adsorbed formaldehyde and other pollutants, the third is to adjust the air humidity, four is a sound-absorbing, noise reduction effect.
Sepiolite use up to more than 130 kinds of the world's most widely used one of the mineral raw materials, the cone crusher and other treatment can be used for brewing, chemical, sugar, silicate high magnesium refractory special high temperature coating Layer of high quality raw materials and so on. Is one of Zhengzhou has a state-of-the-art production technology, first-class service team; implement the energy-saving emission reduction policy approach, committed to the crushing of mechanical independent innovation, research and development of many efficient and environmentally friendly materials, professional manufacture of mining machinery and equipment manufacturers. Not only widely used in domestic and foreign mines, cement, building materials and other fields, but also to environmental protection, emission reduction, low energy consumption advantages. Companies in the crusher equipment updates, but also the development of a large jaw crusher, the new jaw crusher, heavy hydraulic crusher and other new crusher equipment.
In the development and progress of the times, the state continue to promote the context of energy-saving emission reduction, as a professional manufacturer of crusher keep up with the pace of development of the times, the continuous development of new crusher equipment, so that the new crusher equipment for more industries to use as a crusher Industry pilot companies, we will be more efforts to speed up the replacement of crusher, to create a more economical, environmentally friendly, low-carbon crusher.