Analysis of mining machinery and equipment industry status and prospects



With the full implementation of China's WTO framework agreement, the full implementation of open policy, the degree of internationalization gradually increased, with the industry competition between similar goods more and more intense, for the mining machinery and equipment industry, as well. Enterprises are often in order to seize the target customers is not only the quality of competition, but also technology, brand competition. The brand competition is a company to quickly capture the market to obtain a large number of target customers the key.
(1) Analysis of mine machinery industry
Mining machinery is specialized in the production of various mining machinery and mining machinery industry, but because of economic development and consumption of the increase in demand and considerable profits is the influx of many enterprises in this industry. However, the increase in the number of enterprises is the target market is dispersed, a lot of profit margins shrunk, so that manufacturers are often based on the original machinery and equipment on the market to copy production, rather than innovative technology and enhance the technological content. The emergence of a new product on the market soon to be copied and copied, the influx of foreign products and competitive pressures.
(2) mining machinery development prospects
China's mining machinery and equipment will face a new round of industry demand, especially drilling, field prospecting and many other equipment. More and more mines began to use mechanized operations to enhance the mining rate of mining to eliminate security risks. In the coal, copper, zinc and other mine mechanization has been greatly enhanced, so that the market capacity of mining machinery and equipment greatly enhanced. Mine machinery in the computer technology, network technology and other multi-disciplinary integrated support, for economic construction, driven by market demand, in the harmonious development of mankind and nature, mining machinery has been toward the digital, intelligent, ecological and pleasant The direction of development.
That the development of enterprises can not be separated from the policy support, the Government should actively guide enterprises to actively grasp and respond to the new government policies and industry support policies. Faced with such a huge international market, but also face such a huge competitive pressure, mining machinery and equipment industry should increase independent innovation, the establishment of core competitiveness, establish a patent and brand image.