Crushing equipment industry to follow the trend of the times to low carbon in line



Increasingly serious global warming and air pollution has become a common challenge facing the world. Since the second half of last year, the public concern about PM2.5 continued to heat up, air quality problems once again become the focus of attention. With the changes in the environment, the increase in pollution, all walks of life have begun a low-carbon research, in the global low-carbon economy into the background, low carbon has also become a crusher field of development trend.

We continue to emphasize the 'green', 'green', in fact, in the final analysis is about 'low carbon'. Although the 'low carbon' is a new product of economic development, but it is a topic we are concerned for a long time, but the name changed only; 'low carbon economy' is not only a problem facing our country, but also a global Problem; 'low-carbon development' is both a specific technical and creative issues, but also a major issue related to economic development. In the face of the rapid pace of economic development, we can read, low-carbon development is not only about 'people's livelihood', but also about 'national account.'


At present, China's crusher equipment, environmental protection requirements gradually increased, once the noise, resource consumption of the old crusher has not adapted to the pace of development. The state of the industry as a professional production of crusher equipment, however, with the continuous innovation of technology, crusher is also gradually upgrading, and now the production of crusher noise much smaller than before, power consumption is also greatly reduced, and The degree of material fragmentation is also getting higher and higher, further reducing the probability of rework the material rework. The development of new technology industry breakthroughs, has gradually reached China's 'low carbon' requirements.


For the crusher industry, to develop low-carbon economy, the most important part is efficient one-time broken, so that you can save the second broken unnecessary resource consumption, but also to the production of high efficiency. And the use of crushers greatly reduces the exploitation of natural sand and gravel, both to protect the natural resources and human living environment, but also in line with sustainable development strategy. CBBC will work with other crusher industry enterprises to strengthen their own development at the same time, to create low-carbon industry development, and promote sustainable economic development.