World State Heavy Industries: domestic oil prices fell three or back to six yuan era, coal gangue crusher sales prospects




The same time as the above-
It is understood that the recent domestic oil market, a substantial diving. Into the second quarter, the international oil prices in the shock in the weak, New York oil prices fell below $ 80 last week mark. The industry believes that July 11, the domestic refined oil retail price down the window or will open again, then will usher in the third domestic oil prices down. The NDRC cut oil prices or 'generous', domestic 93 # gasoline and 0 # diesel retail prices are expected to fall back to 6 yuan era. As a domestic professional gangue crusher R \u0026 D manufacturers, Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as state state industry) that the domestic refined oil prices fell sharply or will usher in the six yuan era for coal gangue crusher will be Is an excellent opportunity.


The work of coal gangue crushers manufactured by State Industries is mainly provided by diesel engines. Some time ago the domestic refined oil prices have been high, resulting in coal gangue crusher users of high production costs, in order to save production costs, many users do not want to buy this large quantities of coal gangue crusher, broken coal gangue Machine sales have been no small impact. And recently, the domestic oil prices or will achieve three times back to the six yuan era of the news came out for the coal gangue crusher business is undoubtedly a welcome news, at the same time set coal gangue crusher users greatly increase.


Shibang Industrial R \u0026 D and manufacture of coal gangue crusher high yield, low noise, broken efficiency is very good, to solve the old crusher hammer and liner wear too fast. Mainly used in brick and tile factory cinder, slag, shale, coal gangue, construction waste and other materials crushed to solve the use of gangue, cinder for the brick to add materials, internal fuel; with gangue, shale production standard brick, hollow brick Material crushing problems. With coal gangue crusher crushed coal gangue can be used to make free burning hollow brick: brick without fuel, save energy; brick no use (less) land, saving land resources; turning waste into treasure, reduce environmental pollution; Less investment, high efficiency, is the national materials and environmental protection departments to vigorously promote and promote new products.


CBBC industry for two years has been on the coal gangue crusher for technological transformation, especially energy-saving this one is the company's R \u0026 D team's attention. After years of transformation of the state industry, the company's production of coal gangue grinder more energy efficient than ordinary manufacturers of the same type of grinder energy saving 30%, became the product leader products, will also be in more coal Gangue crusher manufacturers to bring more benefits at the same time for the cause of China's environmental protection to make greater contributions.


Oil price six times