The core components of engineering machinery to improve independent research and development is the last word



The same time as the above-

Mining machinery industry as a pillar industry of the national economy, in China's economic construction and social development occupies an important position. In the mining, energy, transportation construction, and industrial raw materials production and other industries, as the construction of mining equipment and raw materials processing equipment, a steady stream for all walks of life to provide a large number of basic industrial products and energy, great protection of the national economy Healthy and rapid development. Therefore, the mining machinery manufacturing industry has become the basis for the establishment of an independent industrial system, but also an important indicator of a country's industrial strength.


'For an enterprise, hydraulic parts, engines and other key components of the international procurement may be no problem; but for a manufacturing power, the key components can not be self-sufficient, will undoubtedly lose the market right to speak, the development of the initiative. Can not be in the key components of the R \u0026 D, manufacturing breakthroughs, the development of China's construction machinery industry at any time by the 'card neck' risk. Must eliminate the key parts of this 'stumbling block', China's construction machinery to make power from manufacturing power Forward. 'China Construction Machinery Industry Association Deputy Secretary Jiang Lin said.


Due to the late start of construction machinery in China, the level of technology is relatively backward, in the high-end hydraulic parts, transmission parts and control the original core technology, especially the core of the hydraulic pump, motor, reducer and high-end multi-valve technology are in foreign Business hands. For a long time the core components of construction machinery rely on imports, subject to the embarrassment of the situation, the state painstaking experience, only rely on independent research and development, which is the most practical solution. In addition to some special parts for the enterprise, the machine manufacturing enterprises should also look at the core parts of the production R \u0026 D. Because the development of basic components, not only related to the reduction of the cost of the whole enterprise procurement, but also reflected in the domestic if the basic components of the high-end manufacturing technology, will drive the parts supporting a large number of equipment and technology increasingly mature.


Modern enterprises are in their own core competitiveness and continuous efforts to create a better future. Shanghai Shi Bang industry as the trend of the machinery industry pioneer, after years of development and innovation, and constantly develop new products, open up new markets to meet the production requirements of mineral resources. The European version of the jaw crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher, sand making machine, energy saving and environmental protection, quality and efficient, stable performance and other characteristics for China's industrial development to provide a solid foundation for backing.