Construction economy recovery river pebble crusher to increase market share




River pebbles are one of China's rich reserves of stone. Natural color mechanism of river pebbles, river pebbles, stone, dry stone, spray stone, landscaping stone, wood fossils, cultural stone, natural color stone and other architectural decoration materials and interior decoration with high-grade sand, non-toxic , Tasteless, not bleaching. Quality hard, bright color and ancient, with compression, wear and corrosion of natural stone characteristics, is an ideal green building materials. However, according to the current situation analysis, most of the local river gravel resources development, limited to the exploitation of river sand. While the river pebble broken, graded comprehensive utilization has not been fully exploited.
At present, with the investment in infrastructure projects, the demand for construction sand is increasing, and the current construction market is mainly used in the mountains of gravel, such building materials are generally used to break through the way from the mountain In the mining, so that the exploitation of gravel not only destroyed the mountain landscape and cause soil erosion, while the process of violence has brought great security risks and damage to the ecological environment, and it is difficult to control the size of the broken out of the gravel, Easy to meet the required requirements. The river pebbles from the experience of thousands of years ago after the crustal movement by the ancient river bed uplift produced sand hill, experienced the impact of torrents, water transport process of continuous extrusion, friction. In the course of thousands of years of vicissitudes of evolution, they are full of waves of water washed the movement, was gravel collision friction lost irregular edges and corners, and the sand was buried in the underground silence for millions of years. The main chemical composition is silica, followed by a small amount of iron oxide and trace manganese, copper, aluminum, magnesium and other elements and compounds, the quality of hard, with compression, wear and corrosion of natural stone characteristics, is an ideal building With material.
In recent years, the construction machinery industry for basic R \u0026 D investment, basic innovation is weak, basic technology and low competition in the domestic market is still widespread phenomenon continues to improve. With the development of science and technology, the strong support of the government preferential policies, the replacement of crusher equipment, so that the application of river pebbles more extensive, not only in the construction of concrete aggregate and highway construction in the level of stability layer material. It is well known that the exploitation of river pebbles is lower than the cost of blasting, has little impact on the ecological environment and has been strongly supported by the government. Crusher equipment as a mineral resources necessary mining machinery, the construction industry is bound to promote the development of the mining machinery industry, especially crusher equipment development and market share.
Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial is a professional manufacturer of crusher equipment, river pebble sand, need a series of sand making equipment, the main equipment is jaw crusher, vibrating screen, sand making machine, sand washing machine. Shi Bang industrial design of the professional sand production line equipment for its stable and reliable product performance and professional and thoughtful after-sales service much customer recognition. Greatly improving the production of sand, reducing the cost, making it closer to the customer's request, homeopathic lead crusher industry to the boom.