National highway construction to promote innovation and development of mining machinery into a new situation



'To be rich, first road' has become the symbol of economic development in this era, road construction not only connects the city and the city, the exchange between the city and the countryside, smooth road engineering can make the exchange between each other easier , And thus can facilitate the exchange of resources between each other, sharing, near and bring economic development between each other.
In recent years, infrastructure construction such as rural infrastructure construction, high-speed railway, expressway and airport has been built, and infrastructure construction such as post-disaster reconstruction in earthquake-stricken areas has been listed as the focus of state investment. In the construction of large-scale projects, such as the construction of high-speed high-speed rail construction, its high-quality crushing and screening machinery demand is also very strong, and large crusher is often large-scale infrastructure construction of the commonly used equipment. High-speed rail construction and other important projects are inseparable from the aggregate, its production of aggregate equipment, including: jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher (sand making machine ).
This has brought new development opportunities to China's mining machinery industry. However, with the deepening of global economic integration, many international mining machinery enterprises in the world have seized the international market in order to gain a place in the fierce market competition. As a result of promising good prospects for development, the Chinese market has become the world's giant mining machinery manufacturers to grab a piece of cake. So foreign capital to achieve the merger of state-owned enterprises, local brands and foreign brands brand competition is quietly from the market share of the competition, extended to the field of research and development. As the leader in the domestic mining machinery industry, Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state state of industry) that the current and multinational companies compared to the existing local brand R \u0026 D strength is still weak, have their own manufacturing facilities and technology Is a business self-reliance in the foundation of the world's national forest.
In response to the international developed mining machinery enterprises in China to establish R \u0026 D production base to bring the market threat, the state-owned industry set up a research and development center base, and continued for decades to devote themselves to domestic crusher, milling machine, sand making machine and other equipment Theory and Engineering Application. In the introduction of domestic and foreign advanced production technology experience at the same time, attention to convergence of domestic high-tech talent, and the use of world-class research and development means to enhance the core competitiveness of domestic mineral products. Today, the company already has a large R \u0026 D team, research and development of mining machinery and equipment in independent innovation, energy saving to achieve a qualitative leap to high-quality products and after-sales service to win the majority of customer support. In the future development of the road, the state industry will always pay attention to industry trends, with a good R \u0026 D leader led a group of elite will actively carry out industry technology development, increase the value of product technology, establish the corporate brand at the same time, Domestic mining machinery industry with a good head.