Impact crusher large inlet is more suitable for the construction of garbage



As we all know, the state must progress to develop the economy, but in the process of economic construction of waste generated as a major problem restricting economic development. China's economy continues to develop, urban construction is accelerating, the transformation of villages in the village demolition split, the transformation of the old city and other projects in full swing. Our living conditions are getting better and better, but in the construction process of the construction waste generated in the growing, become another major environmental protection.
The treatment and renovation of construction waste has become a major concern for everyone, and the problem of construction waste disposal has been achieved in the mining machinery industry. Which mobile crushing station is the most suitable for the treatment of urban construction waste equipment. Mobile crushing station equipment is set to feed, transport, crushing, in the broken, crushing, screening, dust and other technologies as one of the highly integrated, modular crushing equipment. And in the mining operation process, with its own dust-proof device can reduce the field of dust. The use of counterattack crushers can be in the construction waste of many of the waste sorted, removed or crushed, most of the granite crusher can be recycled as a renewable resource, the use of waste building concrete and waste masonry production of coarse aggregate, available In the production of the corresponding strength grade of concrete, mortar or the preparation of such as block, wall panels, floor tiles and other building materials, coarse aggregate aggregate fly ash mill curing materials can also be used for road pavement grassroots.
In many cases, the counter-crusher is usually used for the second fine crushing of the material, the counter-crusher is compared with the other, in the overall structure and working principle are different, different from the jaw and cone crusher Broken, impact crusher with impact crushing, the material is more in line with stone standards. Shi Bang industrial impact crusher multi-level counterattack cavity, there is enough broken space, suitable for large pieces of material broken. Counterattack crusher angle can be adjusted to ensure that the material in the counterattack plate and the rotor between the repeated impact when the appropriate angle, can effectively improve the crushing efficiency. Step-by-step crushing process can effectively reduce the energy consumption during the crushing process.
Our company has introduced a large-scale hydraulic counterattack crusher for the recent construction waste crushing. Considering the inconvenience of the construction waste, it is necessary to directly configure the counterattack crusher in the construction waste mobile crushing station, without adding cumbersome process, The convenience of the broken station. In addition, the impact crusher is a new generation of gravel production of fine grain equipment, with the increasing demand for sand and gravel in China is widely used in the construction of stone industry.