Extend the life of jaw crusher secret



The same time as the above-

Of the work of the organization is composed of the E and the composition of the composition of the composition of the E, E and set the E to withstand the huge crushing force and material friction, easy to wear, in order to protect the E, generally in the E and the surface of the E Install the wear-resistant liner, which is also known as broken plate milling equipment. Work, the broken plate up and down the two parts of the wear speed is not the same, the lower part of the wear and tear faster than the upper part of the broken plate in the jaw crusher work, direct contact with the material, to withstand the huge crushing force and material friction, Broken plate life is directly related to the efficiency of jaw crusher and production costs, therefore, to extend the jaw crusher crusher plate life is particularly important.


Strengthen the life of broken broken broken plate can be from the design, selection, assembly and use of the process of improvement and other considerations. The same time as the above-


At the time of design, the crushing plate of E and V should be the peak of the teeth. In this way, the crushing of the material in addition to the role of extrusion, there are bending effect, the material is relatively easy to break. Shanghai Shi Bang industry relies on a strong production team production, Raymond Mill, composite crusher, slime dryer and other mining machinery and equipment, access to the world's vast number of consumers trust.


In the assembly, the broken plate must be firmly attached to the E plate, the two should be pad between the broken plate and the ice between the use of soft metal (such as lead, zinc, etc.) for the gasket, and bolted. Crusher work, broken plate should not be loose phenomenon, or easy to break or wear broken plate, reducing the life of broken plate.


In the production process, the broken plate and the material directly, the crushing force is very large, especially the broken hardness of the larger material, resulting in the installation of broken plate bolt vibration, nut loose, so that the wear and tear of the broken plate increased and produce great noise, Severe crushing plate off or broken to stop the equipment, affecting the normal production. Encounter this situation, but before the boot tightening bolts, nuts can not completely solve the problem, according to the actual situation of the specific situation specific analysis. For example, you can use spring anti-loose vibration device to solve the broken plate in the work of the loose, thereby extending the life of the broken plate, improve work efficiency.


In short, to enhance the life of broken broken broken plate from the design selection, assembly, the use of the process of improvement and other aspects, can well strengthen the jaw crusher crushing plate life, thereby enhancing the efficiency of jaw crusher, reduce manufacturing cost.