Gravel production line equipment in the innovation and optimization to find a breakthrough



The same time as the above-

With the development of infrastructure, as a 'world factory' and manufacturing base. In the sand and gravel investment from a good policy, construction, cement and other infrastructure raw materials and other industries will take the lead, most investors have the direction of supply to the newly approved railway, highway and other construction. The market demand for gravel material, sandstone industry and mining machinery and equipment industry to bring a great opportunity.


In this huge economic investment in China, who can seize the opportunity in the opportunity, it depends on the industry's ability to grasp and response speed. Gravel aggregate and artificial sand demand increased rapidly, the river sand mining has been unable to meet the needs of economic development and development, the need for mass production of artificial sand. Artificial sand is the rock and the river from the river dug the river pebble through the crusher, sand processing machine set up for the construction of sand. For the above, Shanghai thinks that with increased demand for sand and gravel, the old sand and gravel production line equipment can not meet the current needs of the market, only by constantly developing new technologies and applications to sand production line equipment to bring it to increase productivity is the business of survival The right way of development.


Gravel aggregate production is the river pebbles, pebbles, limestone and other minerals, hard rock, the crusher after processing particle size greater than 4.75mm aggregate known as coarse aggregate, commonly known as stone, commonly used gravel and pebble two Species. After crushing and then sanding machine crushing after the size of 4.75MM below the aggregate known as fine aggregate, commonly known as sand. Gravel is a natural rock or rock by mechanical crushing, sieving, particle size greater than 4.75mm rock particles. Pebbles are made of natural weathering, water handling and sorting, piled up, particle size greater than 4.75mm rock particles. The average particle size of the granule and gravel particles is larger than the average grain size of the particles corresponding to the average particle size of 2.4 times. The average particle size is 0.4% Diameter of the average). Material selection range is very wide, as long as the general ore, the use of the corresponding processing equipment, finished products can meet the demand for the common construction materials.


Shanghai Shi Bang Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. has long been committed to the development and production of sand and gravel production line equipment, production, impact crusher, impact crusher, and other equipment is widely used in cement raw materials such as limestone and other materials broken line. After the analysis of aggregate production of sand and gravel, Shi Bang industrial scientific and technological personnel, in order to reduce the sand production line process in the finished product sand stone powder content, to ensure that highways, municipal construction, concrete and other projects required for a variety of gravel Materials, the introduction of Germany's latest technology, optimize the equipment structure, the use of high-level wear-resistant materials to upgrade, so as to improve the application of gravel production line equipment and increase the scale of use.