World State Heavy Industries for the 'mechanical power' efforts on the road




With the healthy development of machinery industry in recent years, the mechanical industry did not appear a large backlog of products in the planned economy period, such as the rapid growth of accounts receivable and so on. As the self-control risk of the market main enterprises, the binding capacity was obviously enhanced. China's machinery industry after years of development, continuous progress, and achieved good results. The development history of some large enterprises also objectively reflects the development trend and competitive strength of China's machinery industry.
State World Industrial is a large-scale mining machinery and equipment manufacturer in Shanghai, set research and development, manufacturing in one, in fifteen years of ups and downs accumulated a lot of experience, and in accordance with the requirements of customers, and constantly sum up the improvement of the machine. Produced by the gravel crushing production line equipment in the European version of the impact crusher, hydraulic cone crusher, hammer crusher, and so has been favored by customers of the product. In addition, there are milling machine, ball mill, dryer, sand making machine, sand washing machine and a series of equipment, tailored to customers the right equipment has been working with. In the key basic parts of the research, the state of the industry to revitalize the national industry as its mission, determined to walk for the Chinese machinery with 'China core.' Since 2011, the regional structural adjustment of machinery industry has continued to be in the direction of policy expectation.
At present, China's machinery industry is facing a very serious environment, we should clearly see that although China is a mechanical power, but not a mechanical power. In the core technology, China is also far behind the international advanced level, research and development and innovation capacity there is a big gap. From the distribution of labor industry sales value of the situation, the machinery products market is mainly driven by domestic demand, the proportion of share of export products is still limited, the basic maintained at 15% to 20%.
In order to change the development of the machinery industry in some of the shortcomings, the state industry should be in the internal environment to start, restricting low price disorderly competition. Second, to build well-known brands and leading enterprises. To create well-known brands and high-end technology breakthroughs become the bottleneck of most industry development. Build the brand should first be invested in product development, and gradually improve the quality of export products, enhance international competitiveness. Finally, to promote China's transition from mechanical power to mechanical power. For example, the current Chinese machine tool industry is only in the scale of a comparative advantage, but from the product structure is at a disadvantage. China 's exports of CNC machine tools are still low - cost economic - based CNC machine tools. Compared with the machine tool manufacturing power, China's machine tool industry in the product structure, level, research and development capabilities, there are significant gaps. Product quality is not high, low-end excess capacity, the lack of high-tech talent is still restricting the development of the machinery industry. Therefore, China should accelerate the adjustment of industrial structure, accelerate the transition from mechanical power to mechanical power.