Cone crusher in the cement industry has been greatly developed



In the rapid economic development today, HPC series of hydraulic cone has been in the mine, cement plants, gravel and other areas occupy an important position. In China's cement industry, the increasingly fierce competition in the market so that enterprises into a 'competition nest.' Cement industry through the integration of upstream and downstream of aggregate, aggregate, cement and other products, the vertical development of the integration of industry has become an inevitable trend. Will establish the use of cement as the core, with gravel, concrete as a lever to make large building materials industry chain.
According to incomplete statistics, China needs each year through the grinding process to deal with more than 50 billion tons of ore, limestone up to 2 billion tons of concrete aggregate up to more than 80 million tons. Equipment performance greatly affect the merits of the work efficiency and energy consumption level. Relevant data show that the grinding energy consumption of the total energy consumption of the concentrator 40% to 70%, of which 80% of the grinding energy consumption; in the cement industry, cement production total power consumption of 60% to 70% for Grinding operations, and useful work only about 3% of the total energy consumption, the vast majority of input energy into heat and sound energy and waste.
With the development of society, the continuous innovation of science and technology, in order to make the cone technology to the international level, Shanghai Shi Bang industry in recent years continue to improve and complement the advantages of professional application laboratory and scientific and technological personnel, the product manufacturing process and process Technology research innovation. In recent years has introduced a hydraulic cone crusher, high crushing frequency and efficient crushing cavity shape of the perfect combination of production than other models of crusher production is higher, greatly improving the material between the particles of the crushing effect, broken The product is a uniform cubic. Hydraulic insurance, hydraulic adjustment, the use of hydraulic cavity, so that the operation more convenient, easy to achieve automation, maintenance easier.
Shibang Industry advocates energy saving and environmental protection, innovation and development of the HPC series of hydraulic cone broken, the use of a unique design to form a constant crushing chamber, reducing liner wear, the general life compared to the old conical broken 30% -80%, cavity type is not easy to change Crushing efficiency; non-blocking cavity type, to ensure greater throughput, and material is smooth, the state of the HPC hydraulic cone broken to 'more broken less grinding,' the world's advanced production technology, won the market widely favored.