Shibang heavy industry crusher to help the new coal gangue broken



Coal gangue is a coal waste process and coal washing process emissions of solid waste, is a coal in the process of coal and associated with a low carbon content, harder than the black and gray rock. Because of its low calorific value, can not burn directly, has been people as waste away. Coal gangue is not used to occupy large tracts of land, and where the sulfide escape or leaching will pollute the atmosphere, farmland and water. Gangue hill will spontaneous combustion fire, or in the rainy season collapse, silting the river caused by the disaster. China's coal gangue accumulation of more than 1 billion tons, many coal-producing areas of coal gangue has long been piled into the mountains, the annual discharge of coal gangue will be 100 million tons. In order to eliminate pollution, since the 1960s, many countries began to pay attention to the treatment and utilization of coal gangue.
For a long time, China's coal industry to explore an effective way to comprehensive utilization of coal gangue The country has been responding to the application of environmental protection brick, free of burning green brick instead of solid clay brick notice, has been reached to the various regions of the country. The production of solid clay stations has destroyed more and polluted the environment. The new sintered clay (including shale, coal gangue, cinder, slag, etc.) as the main raw material, the cement raw materials processing, molding, drying and roasting. The main raw material coal gangue, shale material from the pollution of the environment can be used in the resources. Coal gangue according to the composition of different degrees of distinction, the current large and medium-sized brick factory according to their own production needs, choose their own production requirements of the fineness of the appropriate coal gangue.
In the use of coal gangue, the domestic well-known mining machinery R \u0026 D manufacturer Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (CBBC Industry) has been devote themselves to study and found that the use of coal gangue brick is an important way to waste coal waste. After the jaw crusher, impact crusher, Raymond Mill, tricyclic medium speed mill, strong ultra-fine milling machine, vibrating screen, vibration feeder and a series of processes after processing coal gangue, can Greatly improving the efficiency of coal gangue brick and product quality. The use of this technology to create coal gangue, fly ash porous bearing brick, hollow brick proportion, strength, noise, heat insulation and other indicators are much better than the traditional clay solid brick, which is China's building materials industry to achieve soil conservation, energy saving, Waste targets provide new technical support.
State World Industrial R \u0026 D and manufacture of jaw crusher with crushing ratio, product size uniformity, simple structure, reliable, easy maintenance, operating costs and other economic characteristics. Composed of a complete set of broken production systems, widely used in mining, cement, chemicals, railways, construction and so on. (Coal gangue, granite, limestone, concrete, etc.), widely used in hydropower, highways, highways, and so on. It can be used for all kinds of coarse, medium and fine materials (coal gangue, granite, limestone, concrete, etc.) with a side length of not more than 500mm and a compressive strength of not more than 350MPa. , Artificial sand and gravel material, broken and other industries. Comprehensive utilization of coal gangue, not only saves resources and protect the environment, economic and ecological benefits are very significant.