How to reduce the maintenance costs of jaw crusher?



How to reduce the jaw crusher maintenance costs? Shi Bang industry pointed out that the jaw crusher work when the vibration is very large, long-term work when the fretting wear, the screw slider, screw hole grinding, through-hole wear, such as ground bolt hole, bearing screw, spring rod Rack support holes and so on. So timely maintenance can extend the service life of equipment, saving equipment investment. Here, the state state industry to introduce a reduction in jaw crusher repair costs of some of the methods:
A jaw crusher thrust plate for a long time cast iron material, thrust plate seat for a long time cast steel or variant cast iron pieces, thrust plate plays the role of transmission movement and force, but also plays a role in safety protection and to adjust the discharge size. As the thrust plate installed in the lower part of the body, not easy to maintain, so the board and the board is the most easy to wear parts, wear and tear after the board and board, can be used after surfacing processing, spraying, brush plating and other methods to repair. When the thrust plate is broken, due to functional role, generally no longer repair, should replace the new thrust plate. But the combination of thrust plate, removable plate head to continue to use. Complex pendulum jaw crusher active jaw common form of damage are: hole wear, spring rod hook break and local cracks or overload fracture.
Second, because the activities of jaw weight, manufacturing complex, jaw crusher is one of the main components, therefore, to a variety of ways to repair. Small and medium-sized jaw crusher, movable jaw internal assembly with two types: First, in the hole to install Babbitt sleeve, one in the hole to install rolling bearings. After the Barton alloy bushings are worn, replace the spare bushings and replace or re-cast the Pasteur alloy bushings. Installation of rolling bearing bore, due to fretting wear, poor installation, or long-term work, rolling bearing outer ring loose, hole wear is often encountered, and its repair methods are hole welding and hole set. Hole welding, that is, with manual arc welding in the hole at both ends of a layer of welding, and then re-hole processing, reaming technology requirements by design with the accuracy of the implementation. The inner hole of the method of repairing the movable jaw, although the process is more complicated, but it is suitable for the cast iron material jaw.
The above is the state of the industry to reduce the cost of jaw crusher repair costs, if you have more questions, please consult our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.