Crusher industry plays an important role in China's industrial development



The same time as the above-

In recent years, China's rapid economic development, especially industrial development is the leader in economic development. In the process of industrial development, mining machinery and equipment crusher in which played a huge role, greatly promoted the development of China's industry, and crusher industry has become a model of China's industrial success. In-depth understanding of the international and domestic development of the status of construction machinery industry, industry trends and trends in technology development, especially cutting the forefront of milling equipment, China's further development and improve the level of mining machinery manufacturing is particularly important.


Shanghai Shi Bang industry as a mining machinery and equipment business, is one of many enterprises. Mining machinery industry as a pillar industry of the national economy, in China's economic construction and social development occupies an important position. In the mining, energy, transportation construction, and industrial raw materials production and other industries, as the construction of mining equipment and raw materials processing equipment, a steady stream for all walks of life to provide a large number of basic industrial products and energy, great protection of the national economy Healthy and rapid development. Therefore, the mining machinery manufacturing industry has become the basis for the establishment of an independent industrial system, but also an important indicator of a country's industrial strength.


'Twelfth Five-Year Plan' is a critical period for the comprehensive construction of our country. It is an important period of speeding up the reform and opening-up and accelerating the transformation of economic growth mode. Industrialization, urbanization and the rapid development of agricultural modernization of the demand for mineral resources showed a rigid upward trend, the international political and economic situation is complex and changeable, in order to protect the national economic security, geological prospecting work than any time are urgent, it is important.


Many mining machinery and equipment manufacturers have to improve their core competitiveness and continuous efforts to create a better future. Shanghai Shi Bang industry as the trend of the machinery industry pioneer, after years of development and innovation, and constantly develop new products, open up new markets to meet the production requirements of mineral resources. Has introduced new products such as cone crusher, impact crusher, European version of crusher series, energy saving, quality and efficient, stable performance and other characteristics, for industrial development to do strong backing.