What is the cause of the damage to the core parts of the crusher?



Shibang industry pointed out that the main core parts of the crusher is the transmission device and the broken hammer shaft, so the transmission device and the normal continuous operation of the broken hammer shaft directly affect the crushing capacity of the crusher, thus affecting the mine production capacity and economic benefits. In the past, the crusher maintenance records found that the transmission and the broken hammer shaft failure rate accounted for more than 80%, so its structure analysis and improvement and further optimization design, which can greatly improve the reliability of the machine. Here, the state state industry to introduce:
First, the transmission device is to provide power for the crusher hammer shaft components, mainly by the motor, coupler, reducer and coupling, etc., this part of the initial occurrence of the fault more common in the coupler, through the run-in period after the coupling Damage is more common, the coupler problem is the initial production conditions unstable lead to easy plug plug, after short-term operation and training of workers after the basic problem can be ruled out. Couplings are mainly damaged after the elastic block is damaged, there is no timely replacement led to the deformation of the two halves, wear a serious final completely scrapped.
Second, the crushing machine hammer shaft damage the main reasons are the following two points:
1. As a whole, the coupling should be said to belong to the entire transmission chain in a relatively weak part of the force and vibration are in the larger parts of the damage has its inevitability, in other words can also be seen as right The protection of other important components of the machine.
2. The strength of the coupling itself is insufficient, and the machining accuracy needs to be improved, thus reducing the number of damage replacement.
The above is the state of the crusher for the core components of the crusher damage to the two factors, if you have more questions, please consult our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.