The Impact Crusher Helps Coal Gangue to Realize the Healthy Development of Construction Industry




With the continuous development of national economic strength, the increasing demand for energy resources, and gradually on the energy and resources industry constitutes an increasing pressure. In the increasingly scarce energy situation, China's increasing emphasis on secondary development and utilization of mining waste and other resources. Coal gangue as one of the main waste in coal development. In recent years, coal gangue is no longer just regarded as the largest number of industrial solid waste, and as a resource, through the coal gangue crusher broken, in the chemical industry, building materials, metallurgy, light industry and other fields have been extensive The research and application of coal gangue resource has become the focus of the comprehensive utilization of coal gangue.
The use of coal gangue brick, to improve the efficiency of resources, energy efficiency and improve the ecological environment is of great significance, as the coal industry in the production process of solid waste, coal gangue emissions are huge, with the national energy consumption increases, coal gangue Will continue to increase, the state introduced to encourage the use of industrial waste residue production of wall materials related to the implementation of preferential tax policies, coal gangue as available resources in the brick industry has been vigorously developed. The use of coal gangue brick, not only to promote the implementation of the clay brick ban policy, colleagues to improve the efficiency of resources, energy efficiency and improve the ecological environment has important practical significance and historical significance.
The use of coal gangue instead of clay to do the construction of brick with the cost of greatly reduced, before the wall and paint without watering, which saves water and labor costs, due to high hardness, the product loss in the transport than clay brick. More importantly, the use of coal gangue instead of clay for building brick, not only can reduce the large amount of coal gangue waste accumulation of land and water system resources caused by pollution, turning waste into treasure, made a lot of demand on the market than clay brick Hard fire-resistant building with bricks, and this can save clay brick used in the land resources, is the benefit of the people, and the development of circular economy important project.
As the most professional domestic crusher equipment and other mining machinery and equipment research and development and production enterprises, state state since its inception has been concentrated in the equipment replacement and technical research, focusing on scientific and technological innovation and increase the value-added products. Now the company already has a more complete machinery manufacturing system and skilled sales service team and improve the sales service network. The next few years to see, the world's industrial goal is to help the rapid development of the Internet, go out of the country will be the country's industrial brand started foreign markets. Today, the state of the production of the impact of crusher, the European version of the jaw crusher, counter hammer crusher, cone crusher and many other mining machinery and equipment by domestic and foreign customers trust, played a successful Chinese manufacturing enterprises The triumph of foreign markets.