Talking about the Application of Counterattack Crusher in Various Fields



Impact crusher is now widely used in mechanical equipment. In the crusher models, the impact crusher is a traditional crusher, the application is also more extensive. It is an essential model for the production of higher-line materials and high-iron grades. It can handle granularity within 500 mm. Its material selection in the use of granite, limestone and so on is very ideal.
The impact crusher also occupies an important position in the production of railway slag and construction gravel. The working principle of the counter crusher is that the ore is fed from the inlet and slid down along the sieve, In the high-speed rotating rotor on the carbide hammer crushed, and at a high speed along the tangential direction to fly to the first piece of counterattack plate, so that the ore continues to be broken, counterattack plate and the ore hit again with the rotor The other stones that are thrown behind collide with each other, so the ore in the first crushing chamber is crushed by repeated shocks. Some of the ore in the first crushing chamber crushed to a certain size, after counterattack plate and the gap between the rotor and discharged to the second crushing chamber, continue to be repeated blow until the particle size becomes smaller by the bottom of the crusher discharge The As the same commonly used broken stone machine equipment, the impact of crusher through the state of the industry to improve the new European version of the impact crusher can choose their own three-chamber crushing and two cavity broken, enhanced the impact crusher in the crushing process Application scope.
Counter-break structure is relatively new and unique, able to operate very smoothly, the most important thing is the consumption of small energy, and its fragmentation, making its efficiency is particularly high. This is why the impact crusher can be widely used in the crusher. In addition, the state of the industry in the main production of the European version of E broken machine, cone crusher, hammer crusher, etc., in different areas have their own piece of heaven and earth, for the development of economic development equipment quietly dedicated.