Shibang Heavy Industries: gravel equipment should improve the performance of the scope of application



The same time as the above-

With the rapid economic development, China's steel industry is also rapid development, so our demand for iron ore increased significantly. However, China's iron ore general grade is low, the domestic iron ore dressing enterprises need to process a large number of iron ore ore, only the final selection of economic value of iron. As the overall level of development of China's mining equipment is low, can not make full use of iron ore ore, and ultimately in the production process to produce most of the tailings, resulting in natural resources and energy waste and loss, but also a huge ecological environment damage. Therefore, the iron ore can be further small particle size crushed to achieve its effective use. According to its processing process, iron ore has a very important role, so the technical performance of iron ore crusher is also imperative, the only way to ensure the rapid development of iron ore demand, to achieve the use of iron ore Of the diversification, but also makes the use of other mineral resources to achieve resource, saving, environmental protection and so on.


Shanghai Shi Bang industry that the current era is a fast-growing era, whether it is technology or innovation. People on any product requirements and needs continue to improve with the development of the times, people are pursued is how to more effectively for their own to create the highest interests. Because of this, many industries also have a great development and upgrading of space. Especially in this era of rapid development of the mining machinery industry, mining machinery and equipment products should be able to continue to innovate and constantly improve, to upgrade to the latest, so as to better foothold, to give users the most in need of product equipment.


All machinery and equipment products, such as products, including ball mill, crusher, flotation machine and so have a certain life cycle. In the life cycle, there must be market development, the expansion of the market, the market saturation, the market shrinking and gradually fade out of the market. CBBC's recent experience in the past two decades has shown that the life cycle of specific models of gravel equipment is not equal. For ball mill this special equipment, its life cycle is very long, and some can even up to 10 years. But in general, the crusher of this equipment because of its youth, there is a lot of space can be developed. So its life cycle is relatively short, under normal circumstances for 2-4 years.


So that the majority of gravel equipment manufacturing and production enterprises must invest in the design of innovation. Only in the original basis of the small features of continuous innovation, can be accumulated over time, making the entire production line showing a good momentum, and eventually accumulated to qualitative leap. And ultimately can achieve the contribution of the entire industry production capacity.