What are the characteristics of the new screening roll crusher?



What are the characteristics of the new screening roller crusher? Shibang Industries pointed out that the screening crusher mainly by the motor, limited torque type hydraulic coupling, reducer, coupling, roller, body and other parts, and is located in the overall base, easy to install, adjust and Transport, improve the basic stress situation, simplifying the basic design, especially for mobile crusher selection. The new sieving crusher adopts double roll crushing method. The new sieving crusher is arranged in a spiral arrangement, which is a practical way to reduce energy consumption. In order to meet the different working environment requirements, the addition of different forms of the base. The base is divided into fixed, semi-mobile and mobile, for different environmental requirements, equipped with a suitable base. Here to introduce a new type of screening roller crusher features:
First, the sieving crusher, spiral arrangement of the broken teeth so that the two broken wheels in the rotation, such as rotating grid sieve, the material will be less than the expected particle size of the material directly excluded, the material required to exceed the size of the material broken , To avoid the material due to repeated broken lead to a large amount of powder shortcomings. Screening and crushing the realization of the dual function, so that the production process is simplified, saving investment.
Second, strictly guarantee the product size. Screening crusher with a fixed center distance, the material forcibly broken. The structural dimensions of the roller according to the product size requirements of the design, and strictly control the product through the space size. Can be used as the final particle size check.
Third, the use of shear and stretching the principle of broken materials, energy efficient. Most of the ore material compressive strength is much higher than its shear strength and tensile strength. Screening crusher using shear and stretching principles of broken materials, low energy consumption.
Fourth, broken teeth were arranged in a spiral, easy to sieve the material and broken.
Five, compact structure, low height, small size, light weight.
Six, too low crushing, low power consumption, processing capacity. Due to screening crusher using splitting, shearing principle, less than the required particle size of the material directly through only the size of the material required to be broken, to avoid the crusher into the crushing of the material mixed crushing defects, so, although the pole Low overcooling rate, low power consumption, large processing capacity.
Screening crusher design is successful, in addition to the whole structure is reasonable, broken way appropriate, the key also depends on the geometric shape of the broken teeth and layout. Broken tooth design is reasonable, properly arranged, you can ensure that the product size, optimize the particle size composition, reduce the crushing, saving materials, to extend the life of the teeth, reducing crusher crushing power consumption. The new screening crusher should contain two major requirements:
First, when the broken operation of the broken teeth of the Department of uniform force. Because the crusher in the underground operation, the conditions omitted, so the design requirements to consider the low body height, compact structure, motor explosion and so on. Optimized, will greatly improve the adaptability of underground tunnel.
Second, to meet the requirements of the size of the premise to produce large-size products, the maximum reduction in the amount of crushed;
The above is the state of the industry for the new screening roller crusher characteristics of the introduction, if you have more questions, please consult our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.