The application of blast furnace slag treatment crusher in new areas



With the concept of environmental protection, sustainable development. Mining machinery and equipment enterprises will continue to reform, and constantly looking for new development model, and strive to create a more environmentally friendly energy-saving equipment for China's sustainable development to contribute to the cause.
China's mining industry, the rapid development of China's mining machinery industry to bring a broad market. In the process of ore mining produced by a variety of water slag and industrial waste residue to be a problem to be solved.
Water slag is a kind of water slag and industrial waste residue, the water slag is the hot melt state blast furnace slag in the water rapid cooling process, mainly slag water quenching or furnace before the water quenching two ways. Water slag for building materials for the production of cement and concrete, due to the potential water cement gelling performance, cement clinker, lime, gypsum and other activators, can be used as high-quality cement raw materials can be made: slag silicon Salt cement, gypsum slag cement, lime slag cement, slag brick, slag concrete and so on.
Can be used for a lot of mine slag mining equipment, for different regions of different customers, Shanghai World State Industrial as a manufacturer of mining machinery and equipment, customers can choose different water slag crusher, commonly used large crusher jaw broken Machine, the European version of the impact crusher, cone crusher, etc .; and can be used for gravel crushing, aggregate shaping of the impact crusher (sand making machine), impact crusher and so on.
For large pieces of water slag, jaw crusher has obvious advantages, the feed port is large, the maximum feed diameter of more than one meter five, is currently used for breaking large pieces of slag material the best choice. And as a highway rail aggregate processing of choice, impact crusher (sand making machine) is also a significant advantage in the 'stone stone' principle of processing broken water residue, the surface was cube, Is one of the best stone shaping equipment.
Shanghai Shibang Industry is located in Zhengzhou High-tech Industrial Development Zone. It is a large-scale enterprise integrating research and development, manufacture and sale of mining machinery. The main products are broken and gravel series, industrial milling series, mineral processing equipment series, lime / cement equipment series The Formed a crusher, transmission equipment, screening equipment, washing equipment, industrial milling equipment, including a complete industrial chain. State-industry adhering to the 'integrity of dedicated, hard work dedication, pioneering and innovative' spirit of enterprise, is willing to contribute to China's slag crusher industry.