Scientific crusher for the protection of green mining




China is one of the countries with rich limestone mineral resources in the world. With the rapid increase of the number of cement plants and the increasing desulfurization and desorption of power plants, limestone has become the main raw material of construction industry and industry with its good function. However, in recent years in order to protect the environment, to achieve sustainable development. With the deepening of the awareness of resource protection, limestone efficient mining has become an important means for sustainable development of the future industry. The conservation of limestone mining will be used to ensure that China's cement and other industries continue to develop an important step.
As a pillar industry of the national economy, the mining machinery industry occupies an increasingly important position in China's economic construction and social development, especially the role of crusher equipment is important. Low-carbon economy for China's leap-forward development has brought new opportunities. CBBC believes that for China's crushing machinery industry, the rise of the green development of mining, both show good opportunities for development, but also indicates a new challenge. At present, China's urbanization, infrastructure, industrialization and other processes to speed up, stimulating the market demand for mineral resources. In the mining and production process, a large number of mineral resources and tailings, construction waste and other waste can not be rational use, and the waste of the pile will pollute the environment. As a domestic professional manufacturer of crushing machinery, Shanghai Shi Bang industry has been improving, technological innovation and product reform, is committed to the development of efficient and environmentally friendly crusher equipment, both to speed up the effective recycling of resources to promote the industrialization of resources development, But also for the development of low-carbon economy has made tremendous contributions. In order to change the pollution of mining mining waste, China recently issued a 'second Five-Year' energy-saving environmental protection industry development plan ', the planning clearly defined, to focus on research and development of energy efficient new building materials equipment, so intelligent, green The crusher production is imperative.
As one of the domestic mining machinery and equipment manufacturing enterprises, the state-owned industry has a huge technical precipitation and high-tech applications, with a professional talent, advanced technology, sophisticated equipment, improve the system, research and development capabilities to domestic first-class. Shi Bang industrial production of the European version of jaw crusher, hammer crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher and other equipment in the industry enjoyed a high reputation. \\ 'Twelve Five' for the world state industry, is a rare opportunity for development, the state will be in accordance with the 'second five' plan guidelines, and actively promote the large-scale, diversified, energy-saving, automated development.
'To create value for customers, for the staff to seek benefits, in good faith cast Foundation' is the eternal pursuit of state-state industry. Since its inception, the state-industry always adhere to the 'integrity-based, customer first, Rende operation, Seiko manufacturing' business philosophy to 'become the leader in the mining industry' as the goal, innovation-oriented, Sustainable development of the road, continue to create better products and better service for customers to bring greater value for the crusher and other mining machinery and equipment development contribute more power for the construction of people and the natural harmony of society contribute The


Keywords: ||