Shibang Heavy Industries: Crusher manufacturing to the hydraulic drive to increase equipment life



Most of the current manufacturing technology is driven by the use of mechanical equipment and electronic drive to achieve the way, and the recent crusher manufacturing drive technology has begun to move into the field of hydraulic drive, the so-called hydraulic drive is driven by the motor Hydraulic pump to establish a certain amount of hydraulic, hydraulic oil through the valve, sent to the designated cylinder to promote the piston movement, but there are some view that the hydraulic drive technology has been 'outdated', but the mixing of hydraulic technology is still widely used in many applications And to meet the actual production of a large number of needs.
In the National Machinery Industry Federation on the speech, the national machinery industry will focus on the development of high-end technology, emerging industries and modern people's livelihood. Shanghai Shibang Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. developed a new type of sand and crusher series of products, has been used in the operation of the hydraulic drive system, in the progress of safe operation at the same time, in the fully automated operation of the road on a big step forward, urgent Need to deal with the ability to select high efficiency, reliable operation of energy saving and environmental protection. For the domestic market, at least the first two are common. The recycling of a large number of construction waste is the most effective measure to solve the problem of construction waste. These aspects of the bad design, not only affect product quality, but also to the user a great deal of inconvenience. Because the rotor quality is small, the rolling inertia is small, the drag motor power is also small, especially in the broken hard rock hope to get small particles when the processing capacity is low. Do not throw the market in the domestic market, but also to look away, for the occupation of a market in overseas, the corporate brand to play out.
Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. has always believed that our ability to technological innovation is endogenous ability, products can be imitated, technology can also be introduced, technological innovation capability is unable to introduce, rely on their own accumulation. The carrier of technical ability is the team. Team in the enterprise-hing, the team scattered enterprise decline, the team to enhance business development. Technological innovation capability is the core competitiveness of enterprises, and has always insisted on the key factors of technological innovation. Production crusher has always adhered to high-end technology to create the principles of the future production, the workshop all use high-end technology for field investigation and rapid development of China's fragmentation to make a lot of contributions to the development of high-end technology.