What are the precautions for the conveyor belt connection?



What are the precautions for the conveyor belt connection? CBBC industry pointed out that the normal operation of the tape to ensure and save rubber, it must be a reasonable solution to the problem of connectivity. The method of connecting the rubber belt can be divided into two types of vulcanized cavities and mechanical connections. The use of mechanical connection methods generally use hook card connection, hinge connection and other connection. When the hook is connected, the joint strength is only 35% -40% of the strength of the rubber band itself. The hook card connector is only suitable for the short time of maintenance. The following state state industry to introduce:
First, the thickness of the cavity with different. Should use different numbers of belt buckle.
Second, the belt buckle hook tip section shape rectangular and oval two. The former is easy to damage the tape, the tape is easy to wear, the tape is easy to wear, the tape is easy to wear, the tape is easy to wear, the tape is not damaged, the moisture content in the use of less, with the core anti-corrosion effect is better, longer service life, so after use Is appropriate
Third, the pattern tape If the belt buckle connection (preferably with curing chamber), the seams should also be perpendicular to the tape longitudinal. Because experience shows that the use of smooth pattern of the oblique connection, easy to make the belt buckle broken.
Fourth, the oblique cut off the two ends of the bandwidth at both ends of the right angle, so that the bandwidth at the interface slightly narrower. The cut part is about 60mm long. About 10mm wide.
Fifth, the end of the cavity with the cut to be strictly at right angles, otherwise it may lead to tape and easy to pull out.
6, in order to ensure that the tape joints at the slot performance, to prevent and reduce the pin break, belt buckle should be with two or three types of roller and segmentation, especially for deep groove tape should pay attention.
The above is the state of the industry for the conveyor belt connection problems introduced, if you have more questions, please consult our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.