What is the cause of the crash?



In the crushing process, especially for the conical crusher, often the phenomenon of dynamic cone instability, that is, said the phenomenon of speed. Once this phenomenon occurs, will cause unnecessary impact on the broken production, then the crusher caused by the reasons for the failure of what? Here, the state of the industry to make an introduction:
First, the broken cavity into the non-broken material, the insurance spring (or insurance fuel tank) lost its role, so that the hollow eccentric shaft of the tapered bushing loose string, reducing the crusher spindle and cone-shaped bobbin.
Second, the lubrication system. Due to the failure of dust-proof device or closed lax, crushing part of the dust into the lubricating oil path, making the lubrication parts, including the bottom of the broken cone and the spherical bearing between the movable cone and eccentric sets of the lap, between the size of the bevel gear, The lubrication between the horizontal shaft and the sleeve is bad, resulting in friction.
Third, the spindle and the liner hole local contact, poor lubrication. Or the spindle and the tapered bushing hole clearance is too small, so that the tapered bushing clinging to the spindle. In this case, the conical sleeve has left the empty eccentric sleeve, but also a cause of the phenomenon of frequent fly.
Fourth, due to poor lubrication, resulting in moving cone and bowl-shaped spherical tile non-normal wear and tear (especially bowl-shaped bearing spherical tile wear serious), resulting in moving cone spherical decline, so that the movement between the cone and cone to reduce the gap The
Fifth, the dynamic cone stability torque, dynamic cone is stable operation, mainly depends on the dynamic cone to bear the friction torque synthesis, so the friction torque is called the dynamic cone stability torque.
Six, the dynamic cone speed and stability, dynamic cone stability of the dynamic cone rotation speed is out of control, so the stability of the dynamic cone must first talk about the relationship between the speed and stability of the cone.
The above is the state of the industry for the reasons for the phenomenon of flying to explain, if you have more questions, please consult our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.