Green development concept affects the development of mining machinery industry



The same time as the above-

With the development of the economy, people's awareness of environmental protection has been strengthened, and the sustainable development society, which is in harmony with nature, has become the consensus of the whole society. To reduce the product production process and the use of the process of environmental pollution, for the professional manufacturer of crusher equipment manufacturers, in the economic benefits of the same time, the responsibility of environmental protection should bear the shoulder.


Mine mechanical crusher has become an important pillar of China's national economic development, it has been widely used in industrial construction, is an indispensable equipment of China's industry. With the continuous development of science and technology, the development of crusher is also ongoing, China has a new discovery in the crusher, into a new innovative technology for the crusher in the industry to lay a better application of a solid basis.


'Twelve Five' period, the country strongly advocated energy-saving emission reduction, green development, low-carbon economy has become the mainstream of our social development tasks, but also building a resource-saving, environment-friendly, improve the level of ecological civilization, to achieve sustainable development The only way to go. Mining machinery industry as an important pillar of the national economy, green production and technological innovation of low-carbon development is also essential. With the deepening of economic globalization, low-carbon energy-saving emission reduction has become the main trend of China's economic development, this trend has become China's crusher industry development direction. In this era to tell the development of China, we have to look at the world, learn from the experience of other countries. Now some developed countries are in the efficient, low-carbon as the core of the development of their own national technological revolution.


China's urbanization, infrastructure, industrialization and other processes to speed up, stimulating the market demand for mineral resources. In the mining and production process, a large number of mineral resources and tailings, construction waste and other waste can not be rational use, and the waste of the pile will pollute the environment. As an important machinery and equipment in the production process - crusher, its technological innovation and product reform, to make it more efficient and environmentally friendly for the production services, both to speed up the effective use of resources to promote the industrialization of resources development, But also for the development of low-carbon economy has made tremendous contributions.