Shibang heavy industry crusher environmental industry to show their talents



In the face of global warming, earthquakes, tsunamis and other natural disasters, people began to worry about their living environment. Also began to focus on and improve the natural environment, towards the direction of energy conservation and environmental protection. At present, low-carbon economy has become an international business issues of concern, for the global environmental issues attach great importance to the status quo, for the mining machinery industry, energy saving and environmental protection is the future of mine machinery crusher products to deal with market risk medicine.
On the current stage of our country, the green brick is in addition to clay solid brick outside the building wall materials. Among them, coal gangue, fly ash, shale as raw material shale bricks, in recent years is generally optimistic about the market one of the green brick.
Green brick can be used sand, shale, fly ash, cinder, coal gangue, tailings, ceramsite, perlite and other industrial waste into a variety of new wall materials. As we all know, the raw material of environmental protection brick is a certain size, shale, gangue, ceramsite crushing of the crusher is also important. State State Industrial introduced energy-saving environmental impact crusher for the broken brick raw materials, these solid waste recycling in the use of construction waste, solid waste resources, comprehensive utilization.
With the support of national policies, in order to improve the national construction waste disposal, solid waste resource recycling, reduce the use of solid brick market protection of arable land resources, environmental brick production line has played an important role. Crusher equipment, anti-break, cone crusher, jaw crusher in the green brick and other new wall material on the broken play a role in promoting the construction of environmental protection brick for the production of garbage material quality indicators of the breakthrough and the diversity of products The success of the open market.
Shibang industrial stone production line configuration crusher screening equipment are used advanced hydraulic system, are adhering to the crushing and sieving product has always been the perfect quality, and its own also has its own unique, crusher with a wear-resistant liner and Plate hammer, can greatly extend the crusher plate hammer life, a greater degree of load, improve the efficiency of the crusher. Gravel stone production line, mainly applied to highways, railways and other bridge traffic construction; artificial sand, construction sand, cement, granite, basalt and other ore crushing and non-metallic ore fluorite, magnesite, quartz stone, barite Such as milling operations.