Shibang Heavy Industries: Cone Crusher Artificial Sand Making New Beloved



The same time as the above-

With the rapid development of high-speed and high-speed rail projects in China, the natural sand resources are depleted and the long-term exploitation has caused serious damage to the ecological balance. Therefore, artificial sand has become the darling of the new era and alleviated the shortage of construction Of the situation, and sand production line is also applied.


In recent years, in the domestic gravel market, with its large output, easy maintenance to become the perfect partner for the gravel industry. Sand production line generally have jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher (sand making machine) and other coarse crushing, crushing equipment. Which jaw crusher is divided into two kinds of coarse and broken broken, rough broken generally used for the first-class material broken, broken broken, cone broken and counter-break for the second-class material broken, including broken and conical broken The impact of the chip structure more, so the impact crusher (also known as plastic machine) is used in the entire production line. Because the sand produced by the product was cube, in full compliance with the requirements of aggregate agglomeration on the shape of aggregate.


Shanghai launched a new type of cone crusher in the introduction of foreign advanced technology and the development of the world's advanced level of efficient cone crusher, it is crushing speed, eccentricity (stroke) and high-performance crushing cavity design of the perfect combination. In the design of the speed, stroke and crushing cavity type of the optimal combination, to achieve the intergranular laminated crushing, significantly increased production, product shape is also greatly improved. High-energy hydraulic cone crusher is the latest generation of today's mine construction industry to replace spring cone crusher and update general hydraulic cone crusher. Its biggest feature is the use of a hydraulic chamber system, greatly reducing the downtime, and the use of hydraulic equipment in the maintenance of the device, saving time and effort.


In the period of the peak period of domestic infrastructure construction, aggregate demand for aggregate industry will be more broad, is bound to promote crusher equipment and sand equipment, technological upgrading and mass production. In the economy and infrastructure, driven by the state-industry will develop more new crusher equipment and sand equipment, help the rapid development of the construction industry.