Aggregate aggregate demand for gravel production line on the stage



China's construction industry is developing rapidly, the construction business continued to expand, a large number of small metallurgy, small coal mines, small cement enterprises were closed, the new large-scale concentrator, large coal preparation plant and large cement plant construction, The demand also increases. Gravel production line can be processed aggregate, in the construction of various industries gradually on stage.
The role of gravel aggregate in concrete is very important, it plays a skeleton role, transfer stress, even without cement slurry, aggregate can also support the load, while inhibiting shrinkage, to prevent cracking. After 90 generations of the last century, the development trend of concrete is the development of high-performance concrete, aggregate has gradually been regarded as the main structural materials, and the amount of cement is less as possible. The development of high-performance concrete must have high-quality aggregate aggregate. China's concrete experts to the quality of aggregate as the constraints of China's concrete development bottleneck; analysis of China's concrete quality is not as good as the West is the main reason is poor quality of gravel, and warned that if the aggregate quality and poor quality The status quo can not be improved, high-performance concrete can not be implemented. Therefore, gravel aggregate particle size, grain type, surface characteristics, needle-like particle content, porosity and other past not to be taken seriously or uncontrollable performance is increasingly important. Artificial sand is came into being, in the above aspects have its remarkable characteristics. But because of the existing understanding of the aggregate of prejudice, but also limits the understanding of the importance of artificial sand, artificial sand as a simple alternative to the treatment of natural sand materials, with the traditional standard of natural sand to measure artificial sand, See the artificial sand is the shortcomings or not used to, artificial restrictions on the development of artificial sand. Shibang industry specializing in the production of crushing and screening equipment manufacturers, for many years engaged in aggregate production of sand and gravel, through customer surveys and on-site field investigation, for the importance of aggregate, world state launched gravel production line, dedicated to the highway , The production of rail aggregate aggregate.
Crushed stone production line mainly includes vibration feeder, jaw crusher, impact crusher, sand making machine, vibrating screen and belt machine and so on, can break the limestone, granite, basalt and other materials. In the production process, can not help but produce a lot of dust, in order to achieve green production, dust removal equipment has become the best choice. Plus dust removal equipment not only to ensure the health of construction workers, but also in line with the development trend of today's society.