Construction machinery industry future development center and focus



According to forecasts, 2015 domestic construction machinery sales will reach 900 billion yuan, host products, international demand will reach 210 billion US dollars, China's construction machinery exports will reach 26 billion US dollars, becoming the world's exporting countries. Construction machinery has experienced a turbulent development in 2011, will enter a slow development period in 2012, it is predicted that in 2012, the construction machinery industry will grow 12%, but this growth come from, China's construction machinery industry in this year In the end is how to develop?
Speaking of the project, we have to say that in 2011 speculation in the construction of fire protection, rail construction, water conservancy construction, the construction of these projects will undoubtedly play a catalytic role in the development of the construction machinery market, but these projects are limited, After entering in 2012, the protection of housing construction Ye Hao, rail transit construction Ye Hao, or will face a saturated trend.
National policy has been encouraging the construction of the western region, but due to various factors, the effectiveness of the western construction is not great, but facing the current Southeast region, the trend of saturation of the project, the western region of the project was put on the agenda, the corresponding construction machinery The market will also tend to develop with the western region, from the major construction machinery enterprises in recent years have to build factories in the west to expand their business can be seen, the future development of the construction machinery market, the construction of China's western region will become a big cake.
'Twelfth Five-Year Plan' period, the Xinjiang region will invest 100 billion per year for urban construction; is expected to 120 billion to 150 billion yuan into the transport infrastructure construction, construction of 11,000 km highway, of which 1966 km highway, km. This year, rural road construction will invest 2 billion yuan, build 4500 km, improve the 40 township through asphalt road, to solve the problem of 500 village roads.
It is understood that the next five years, Xinjiang will also plan to invest 131.1 billion yuan to develop water conservancy. In addition, the exploration and development of mineral resources will also be further strengthened, the central financial units in 2010, an additional 110 million yuan for the investigation of mineral resources in Xinjiang, support efforts can be seen. Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial is a star enterprise in the mining machinery industry. It has its own piece of heaven and earth in the mining machinery and equipment industry. It is a large-scale high-tech mine equipment manufacturer integrating science, industry and trade. The company specializes in producing large and medium- Sand, grinding and other heavy mining equipment. According to the above analysis, Xinjiang is the first step to open up the western market, we believe that the future of the western region will become the construction machinery market in the next few years the development focus.