Cone Crusher to Promote Tailings to Transform New Resources for Economic Development



This year, a good economic development trend for China's mineral resources to bring a good momentum of development. With the rapid development of mineral energy, China's mineral resources consumption increased significantly, mineral resources, supply and demand intensified and international mineral prices continue to rise today, we must make full use of the tailings of this hidden wealth. At the same time, tailings re-use is also the development of mining circular economy, building a resource-saving environment-friendly society an important part.
Strengthen the tailings recycling, you need to innovate on the equipment to achieve the purpose of energy efficient recycling. China due to geological conditions, a lot of symbiotic minerals, in the past for a long time due to the multi-element recovery of tailings metal equipment, can only recover a single metal element, resulting in the remaining elements mixed with tailings abandoned, take up a lot of land. If the development of comprehensive recovery of tailings in a variety of useful metal elements of the equipment, not only save the cost of ore production and crushing grinding costs, but also to reduce the cost of metal components after recovery.
Shanghai Shibang Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (Shibang Industries) is a high-tech mining machinery and equipment company, in its milling equipment production line, production line, sand production equipment, complete sets of equipment, lime cement complete sets of equipment business are in the industry leader Level. The company from beginning to end to continuously enhance the ability of independent innovation, product research and innovation as the focus of the work, at the same time the company's coal machinery and equipment quality steadily improved. The company's business and service agencies are distributed in a wide range of locations, ranging from engineering stone, building sand to engineering fines, and state-of-the-art industrial equipment to meet their productivity and durability in harsh operating conditions The production of indicators and the world's strict demand for products. The CS series cone crusher, VSI5X centrifugal impact crusher and MTW European version of trapezium milling machine and other equipment, for the tailings of the recycling treatment, have a large amount of processing, high recovery rate and other significant advantages. The crusher equipment produced by the state-owned industry includes the European version of the jaw crusher, the European version of the impact crusher, the hammer crusher, the cone crusher and so on. Among them, the CS series cone crusher is designed by cavity type and Reasonable speed and stroke combination, so that the model in the same dynamic cone diameter in the case of doing the most. Therefore, compared with the same type of cone crusher, with higher performance and production capacity. VSI5X centrifugal impact crusher set crushing, shaping and sanding three broken mode in one, has become the manufacturers of tailings recycling processing of the core equipment.
Through the high quality and efficient tailings recovery and disposal equipment, the tailings into a new resource for economic development, the state industry will always follow the national policy policy, in the development of the coal industry to provide more high-quality products at the same time, Of the economic benefits, to contribute to the construction of green mines.