Shibang Heavy Industries: low carbon environmental protection into the crusher industry development theme



The same time as the above-

With the deepening of the trend of economic globalization, green environmental protection has become the theme of today's world economic development. In the global environment and the growing energy crisis situation, the crusher professional manufacturer Shi Bang industry profoundly recognized that, for the mining machinery industry, repeat the past that high consumption, high pollution, low efficiency of the extensive development, Does not meet the current situation. In order to alleviate the harm caused by environmental degradation, the state began to promote low-carbon economy, energy-saving emission reduction, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions as the goal, to build low-power, low pollution, low-emission-based economic development model, and the introduction of relevant policies, Inefficient and polluting small businesses, to encourage efficient energy conservation and environmental protection advantages of enterprises.


In the low-carbon concept gradually deep inside the background, the development of low-carbon environmentally friendly products, the steady development of the enterprise's focus. Energy-saving emission reduction, low-carbon environmental protection is the key to enhance the competitiveness of enterprises. Weibang industry finds that the production and research and development of crusher equipment should be aimed at improving the efficiency, reducing energy consumption and protecting the environment, so that the image of high efficiency, high energy consumption and heavy pollution can be greatly improved. Favored. Therefore, to develop new, energy-saving environmental crusher is the top priority of the market.


Shibang industrial production of the impact crusher hammer crusher, jaw crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher, crusher, new sand making machines and other equipment have been using international leading technology for product equipment to update Replacement, combined with years of experience in energy conservation and environmental protection, from the practice of mining crushing machinery industry in the low carbon road should pay attention to two aspects: First, with advanced technology, energy conservation and recycling through The whole production process; the second is to fully realize the sustainable development of mining, so that environmental protection to be effective. At the same time, the state industry advocate crusher industry are trying to practice the concept of energy conservation and action, only more enterprises to reach a consensus in order to achieve a wider range and deeper to achieve energy conservation and environmental protection, and thus affect the global The future development of the environment, energy and other major issues have a positive and far-reaching impact.


With the rapid development of China's industry, the rapid rise of mining enterprises, a large number of mining machinery factory also appeared, to bring great impact on economic development, but also to the environment has brought tremendous impact. Now the low carbon economy has become the trend of global economic development, the impact of China's mining machinery industry is also very far-reaching. In the state industry seems that this will be a good opportunity for the development of the industry, the future low-cost efficient crusher, sand and other products will gradually occupy a more important position in the industry.