Shibang Heavy Industries on the roller crusher manufacturing adhere to the scientific concept of development



With the development of China's economy, to join the international trade organization to achieve, China's economy must be in line with international standards to adapt to the international market, many companies actively explore the scope of business, to achieve a high degree of convergence with the international market. Mining machinery industry in China's industrial development occupies an important position. To achieve the internationalization of crushing machinery and equipment on the mining machinery industry and China's economic construction plays a decisive role. Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturing large-scale mining machinery and equipment enterprises, to adapt to changing the pattern, continue to walk in the forefront of technology, the introduction of high-tech talent, and high-quality resources, broaden the vision of domestic enterprises, Become a highly competitive high-end manufacturer.
In the mining industry, the construction industry and other industries are developing rapidly today, the roller crusher industry is also rapid development, competitiveness is also increasing. The state of the industry in this highly competitive atmosphere in the courage to innovate, the production of new type of roller crusher represents the crushing technology and the quality level is obviously improved. The roller crusher for the mineral processing, chemical, cement, refractories, abrasives, building materials and other industrial sectors in the crushing of various high and medium hardness of the ore and rock, there are more general crushing machinery more excellent results. The wedge or gasket adjustment device is provided between the two rollers of the series, and the top of the wedge is equipped with an adjusting bolt. When the adjusting bolt pulls up the wedge, the wedge moves the movable roller from the fixed wheel , That is, the gap between the two rollers becomes larger and the particle size of the discharge becomes larger. When the wedge is down, the movable roller becomes smaller and the particle size becomes smaller under the action of the compression spring. The gasket device is to adjust the size of the material by increasing the amount or thickness of the gasket. When the gasket is increased, the gap between the two rollers becomes larger. When the gasket is reduced, the gap between the two rollers becomes smaller and the particle size becomes smaller The
The state of science and technology in one, the roller crusher will be designed into the industry star is a common hammer crusher, impact crusher and other crusher advantages as one of the new and efficient, the roller crusher has a simple structure, Easy to disassemble, high production efficiency, uniform discharge, mechanical wear and tear, maintenance is more convenient, and low energy consumption, production capacity of the characteristics, especially the crusher hammer selection of high-chromium alloy wear-resistant material, Longer service life.