Zhengzhou subway construction in full swing, Shi Bang heavy industry gravel equipment to help create high-performance concrete



In recent years, with the sound and rapid development of China's economy, the country's infrastructure construction is also constantly improving. In the national policy and the strong support of funds, Zhengzhou City, Shanghai Metro Line 1 has now entered a comprehensive laying construction state, the demand for concrete materials is also increasing.
In the field of construction engineering, concrete is the world's largest use of the most widely used one of the building materials, so how to improve the safety and durability of concrete projects, has become the focus of the world's research. As people gradually pay attention to the quality of the project, emphasizing safety and environmental protection, high-performance concrete really into the promotion and application period. For the owners or users, the durability of concrete, safe use of long, can reduce maintenance costs; for the community, high-performance concrete to reduce energy consumption, material consumption, the use of industrial waste, reduce noise pollution, the environment favorable; For the construction workers, high-performance concrete is easy to operate, improve working conditions, speed up the progress, reduce the template and labor; for designers, high-performance concrete to reduce cross-section, reduce their weight, increase the use of space. So that the concrete shows good workability, high durability and meet the engineering requirements of the strength, so as to meet the needs of major projects of high-performance concrete, is the responsibility of building materials science and technology workers, but also the national construction of the Millennium plan protection.
High performance concrete is the most common use in subway construction because of its durability. It is a kind of new material for the whole century. It is of great economic benefit to use high performance concrete in harsh environment or difficult engineering construction. High performance concrete not only meet the industrial pre-mix production and mechanized pumping construction, with sufficient strength, and is a durable concrete. Compared with the traditional concrete, high-performance concrete in the mix is ​​characterized by low water consumption, low cement consumption, and chemical admixture and fly ash as cement, gravel outside the basic components. These materials through the crushing machine and other sand and gravel equipment after the formation of hardened concrete after the hardening of the pores less, with a dense micro and mesoscopic structure, excellent impermeability. High-performance concrete in the hardening process volume stability, low heat hydration, temperature rise, cooling temperature shrinkage and drying shrinkage small, so hard after hard to produce macro and micro cracks. And high-performance concrete to durability as the design goal, taking into account the strength and workability, energy saving, food, engineering economy, labor protection and environmental aspects also has important significance, known as the 'green concrete'.
As the production of high-performance concrete need to use high-quality raw materials, in addition to cement, water, sand, stone four components, but also mixed with a sufficient amount of mineral admixtures and chemical admixtures, it is high-performance concrete The necessary equipment. And high-strength cement, high-quality sand and stones and mineral admixtures will directly determine the performance of concrete or not. Subway tunnel construction process used the most of the pieces is made of high-performance concrete. So for high-performance concrete production business, want to produce qualified subway construction of high-performance concrete required, the purchase of high quality crusher, sand making machine, sand washing machine and other gravel production line equipment will be an inevitable choice.
Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as state state industry) is the most professional gravel equipment: crusher, sand making machine, sand washing machine and other mining machinery and equipment R \u0026 D manufacturing business, the company's own R \u0026 D and manufacturing artificial sand and gravel production line equipment Because of its high-tech content, high quality and a series of advantages and widely used to the Three Gorges Project, Qinghai-Tibet Railway, South-North Water Diversion, Tianwan Nuclear Power Station, the capital airport new terminal, coal mine construction and other national key projects in high-performance concrete , And achieved remarkable results. In the Zhengzhou Metro Line 1 comprehensive laying project, the state industry will, as always, for the construction side to provide the most advanced artificial gravel equipment, in order to win the development for their own at the same time, but also for the construction of Zhengzhou subway more Big contribution.