World State Heavy Industries: Today, oil prices down, good crusher industry development



The same time as the above-

According to CCTV reports, Development and Reform Commission, deputy director of the price of Zhou Wangjun said in an interview, July 11 oil price adjustment window will open, while domestic oil prices will once again cut. 'July 11 is a new round of price adjustment point, according to the new monitoring situation, the decline in the rate of certainly more than 4% of the July 11 this day, will be established in accordance with the mechanism to reduce the domestic refined oil prices 'Zhou Wangjun said. As a domestic crushing machinery manufacturer, in the Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state state industry) it seems that the country from the last cut in oil prices after a short period of time to cut oil prices again, to China's economic development has brought great Impact. Due to the 'butterfly effect' role, down oil prices to other economic development has also brought about the impact can not be ignored. Crusher equipment industry is no exception, oil prices will be reduced directly to the production costs.


As a pillar industry of national economy, the mining machinery industry plays an increasingly important role in China's economic development and construction. With the end of the 2012 'two sessions' and the national infrastructure construction efforts continue to increase, around the road, rail, security housing and other projects started, jaw crusher, counterattack crusher, feeder and other equipment orders The more the development trend of the crusher industry is excellent. Shibang Industries believes that in this favorable crusher industry under the development of a good environment, the July 11 oil price reduction will make the crusher industry production costs have been reduced, while reducing production costs, companies can come up with more Of the funds into the crushing machinery products R \u0026 D innovation and product structure adjustment for the development of enterprises to provide more financial security and technical support.


Crusher industry is towards the digital, intelligent, ecological and pleasant direction of development. China's crusher equipment manufacturing in the world of crusher equipment when the outstanding results, but also for the country's major economic construction needs, to the scientific concept of development as a guide to achieve sustainable development. It can be seen, technological innovation, to ensure the quality of competition in the increasingly fierce crusher equipment industry in a solid foothold.


2012 is China's crusher machinery rapid development of the year. In the 'second five' plan the second year, China's rapid development of crusher enterprises. Under the new national policy support and guidance, crusher enterprises can start from their own, the use of new management methods to produce high-tech content, high value-added, high-quality products as enterprises to deal with any market crisis at home when the magic weapon. As a professional manufacturer of crusher, the state industry that development is the last word, only in the continuous development of innovation in the performance of their products to improve the energy efficiency of crusher equipment in order to gain a firm foothold in the fierce market competition , To better develop their own products, to provide customers with more quality services.


Keywords: ||