Technical innovation to protect the market share of crusher equipment manufacturers




In the rapid economic development today, the survival of the fittest is more obvious, in order to occupy a place in the fierce competition in the market must rely on scientific and technological innovation. Since the reform and opening up, science and technology are the first productive forces of the concept of slowly formed and deeply rooted. In recent years, China's mineral resources development and integration has made a breakthrough, in promoting the advantages of enterprises to focus on development, but also improve the development and utilization of mineral resources, the level of technology. In the internationalization of the market, the internationalization of technology, the internationalization of investment and other aspects of the status quo, China's mining machinery industry needs to be greatly strengthened, with a more open international perspective, flexible and diverse forms of operation, the use of all available domestic and foreign industrial resources, Have a win-win situation in order to achieve innovation in the mining machinery manufacturing industry.


Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state-industry) is a professional production of large-scale mining machinery and equipment business, the main production, including impact crusher, ring hammer crusher, jaw crusher, European version of crusher series, Cone crusher, etc., which crusher equipment as the necessary mining resources mining machinery, the market prospect is broad, to enhance technological innovation and technological content, is bound to promote the expansion of mineral resources scale integration, homeopathic lead crusher industry to the upsurge of innovation.


At present, with the development of science and technology, in the field of mineral processing, general crusher and crusher is widely used, especially in the low grade iron ore dressing process, efficient crusher to many enterprises to create a very good benefit. In recent years, China's mining machinery manufacturing industry is very strong momentum of development, but has not fundamentally seek to change the development of ideas, and the current mining machinery manufacturing industry, especially mine dressing crushing and screening industry, mining machinery enterprises to provide users with complete sets of services Of the enterprise is scarce, lacking the ability to provide a full set of solutions or undertake more complex engineering contracting projects. So to enhance the technological innovation capability of enterprises, increase the environmental design of equipment, in the current situation can take advantage of the favorable situation.


Mineral resources integration is a resource reserve based on the mining rights as a link to adjust the structure of mineral development, change the mining development of important work, and optimize the industrial structure, upgrading the original mining and processing equipment is an inevitable trend. This is not a business effort can get, it depends on the entire industry cooperation to promote the progress of the mining machinery industry. Thus extending the market, expanding market share.