Shibang heavy industry crushing equipment to achieve the vitality of coal gangue



Coal gangue is a coal waste process and coal washing process emissions of solid waste, is a coal in the process of coal and associated with a low carbon content, harder than the black and gray rock. In recent years, coal gangue is no longer just seen as a huge amount of solid waste, it is a new resource, in the chemical industry, building materials, metallurgy and other fields have been widely used, therefore, corresponding to Of the crushing equipment - coal gangue crusher came into being.
'Adhere to the resources development and conservation simultaneously, the savings in the first place, according to the law to maintain and rational use of resources, improve resource use efficiency, to achieve sustainable use' and 'to speed up the industrialization of waste disposal, promote waste into available resources' Guidelines for Comprehensive Utilization of Coal Gangue in China. It is understood that coal gangue can not only be used to brick, but also as a subsidiary of cement production, can also be used as coal gangue power generation. Coal gangue came into being, the former market can be used to crush coal gangue equipment there are many, the most common equipment are reversible hammer crusher, ring hammer crusher, hammer crusher, single section crusher, counterattack Crusher and so on.
In today's serious shortage of natural resources in the economic bottleneck, the comprehensive utilization of coal gangue, will be an effective way to alleviate the shortage of resources. With the development of science and technology, for the recycling of coal gangue products will break through the bottleneck of innovation, and to maximize the use of fly ash and create new value. Shanghai Jibang Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. production of JC hydraulic jaw crusher is a new type of crusher for the recycling of fly ash. Is based on customer feedback and suggestions to update the design improved for the majority of users at home and abroad to provide a new, efficient, energy-saving. At the beginning of the production process, the gangue is fed from the feeder to the crusher jaw crusher, and then the resulting coarse material is conveyed by the tape conveyor to the crusher for further crushing. Stone into the vibrating screen sieve different specifications of the stone, do not meet the requirements of the size of the stone back into the impact crusher again broken.
From the crushing effect, Shanghai Shibang industrial production crusher equipment broken coal gangue effect is good. Moreover, the device design is unique, simple operation, is for individual users and small and medium enterprises the most effective investment in equipment.