Welded structure of maximum pendulum crusher and maximum pendulum crusher




The largest complex pendulum crusher for the 19th, the specifications for the 2100 × 1500 mm. Just frame, divided into four, male and female tenon, bolt fixed, there are several specifications of the side wall can be divided into two parts. Moving jaw for the box steel casting and shaft shrinkage with. Movable jaw shaft with bronze bearing. The tooth plate is made of manganese steel, can be turned around, the crushing chamber is linear, in the crushing chamber on both sides with manganese steel or chrome molybdenum steel liner, the lower liner can be replaced separately. Connecting rod for the box-type steel, broken after the liner insurance, brackets made of alloy steel or bronze support for the cylindrical groove. Eccentric wheel for steel castings, connecting rod which rolling bearings, labyrinth seal. The small adjustment of the discharge port is the gasket at the time of the change of the bracket, and the large opening is the front bracket. The movable jaw shaft and the elbow plate are lubricated by the moving jaw-driven lubricator to supply the lubricator for continuous lubrication of the eccentric bearing.


The complex pendulum crusher has four types of racks. Which type A for the welding structure, B type for the electric furnace steel casting, fixed jaw below the point in the broken large pieces of ore can be removed, C-type front and rear wall casting, sidewall steel welded structure, D and C type similar, but The sidewall is divided into upper and lower parts. Eccentric shaft with spherical roller bearings, labyrinth seals. Movable jaw bearing by the pump automatically flowery, eccentric shaft bearing by the artificial lubrication. Broken brackets insurance, the crusher of the flywheel, power failure after the crusher can continue to run.


The maximum size of the pendulum crusher is 2100 x 1500 mm. The rack uses a segmented weld structure. Moving jaw also for the welding structure. Manganese steel tooth plate, can be turned around, tooth-shaped design according to user needs. Eccentric shaft with roller bearings. The connecting rod is welded. Elbow brackets. The connecting rod and the brackets and the moving jaws are linked with one or several tie bars and springs. Bearings with concentrated dry oil lubrication, tight pad can be automatically lubricated. The adjustment of the discharge port is the addition and subtraction of the gasket. The transmission uses a hydraulic coupling.