Shibao Heavy Industries: technological innovation is the crusher industry long-term sustainable development of the key




The same time as the above-
Crusher in a variety of metal, non-metallic mineral raw materials and construction materials in the processing process, the use of a very wide range. Crushing operations to consume huge energy, but also inefficient operation process, so the crusher running process, will consume a lot of energy to produce sound, heat, vibration and so on. With the economic development of the crusher equipment, the technical requirements of the continuous improvement of the current, including China's state-owned crusher manufacturers are adapting to the trend of the times, from the introduction of technology to independent innovation situation.


As a domestic professional manufacturer of broken machinery R \u0026 D, in the state industry seems mine machinery industry is a technology, capital, labor as one of the industry, in recent years with China's mining machinery industry, the growing market size and Infrastructure construction efforts continue to strengthen the mining machinery and equipment put forward new and higher requirements, including not only technology and intelligence, including energy saving and green and so on. Crusher industry has become an important industry in the process of industrialization, with high technological content, industrial relevance, large-scale economic effects of industrial development characteristics. Therefore, the positive and independent innovation, strengthen the quality of management, improve core competitiveness, in order to eventually achieve a new breakthrough in the domestic crusher industry.


Twelve five is China's economic growth and transformation of a critical period, how to develop low-carbon economy through the transformation of production methods has become a common concern of the community. In addition, we also take into account the environmental factors, the traditional mining machinery products such as crusher, sand making machine has been far from being able to meet the requirements of air quality at this stage, to long-term sustainable development, only continuous technical Upgrade and innovate.


In the external pressure and internal guidance of the double stimulation, crusher industry innovation and development will achieve a new breakthrough. CBBC industry as the leader in the crusher industry, has been excellence, and actively introduce first-class technical level, focus on independent innovation and development and production, to speed up the internal structure of the crusher industry, occupation of international scientific and technological innovation heights, grasp the strategic emerging industry discourse , Consciously use high-tech to enhance product performance, innovation and research and development to achieve new breakthroughs. The company with a generation of high quality and efficient jaw crusher, impact crusher, tricyclic medium speed mill, ultra-fine milling machine, vibration feeder, sand making machine, ball mill, sand extractor and other equipment, The strength of the state industry. At the same time the company has been committed to the continuous improvement of production technology innovation and excellence in casting the brand, to lead the crusher industry in the future innovation and development efforts.