Mining machinery and equipment crusher green, efficient, intelligent road



With the development of China's mining machinery industry, the growing scale of the market and the continuous strengthening of infrastructure construction, the mining industry put forward more and higher requirements, the future development direction of the mining machinery industry - green, efficient and intelligent.
Green low-carbon environmental protection, the same can not be separated from the efficient use of resources. With a large number of small metallurgy, small coal mines, small cement enterprises were closed, the new large-scale concentrator, large coal preparation plant and large cement plant construction, which made a higher demand for mining equipment, the urgent need for large capacity, Selection of high efficiency, reliable operation of energy-saving environmental protection equipment. Mine automation equipment automation, large-scale and efficient energy-saving mining machinery and equipment manufacturing enterprises to become the focus of future research. With the needs of national development, the need for scientific and technological upgrading, which can save the needs of the resources, but also make full use of resources to accelerate the development of enterprises, the current national market demand for mineral resources such as iron ore, And other mining machinery industry development, which not only in the market to develop, in the technical requirements is to promote. So as to lead the mine crusher and other machinery industry forever frontier, better sustainable development.
CBBC industry as a professional manufacturer of crusher, since its inception, our technology continues to improve, there have been new breakthroughs. We are trying to speed up the establishment of the company's proprietary technology pace, enhance the brand's technological advantages. Now has developed into a diversified supporting enterprise of milling machine, crusher, jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher, crusher, and sand production line, gravel production line, lime cement equipment and mineral processing equipment go hand in hand The CBBC industry with high-quality products and improve its services in the field of mining machinery has its own place in the user's mind has an irreplaceable position. In the future development of the road state industry will continue to work hard for the country's economic development and make outstanding contributions.
China has become a mining machinery manufacturing power and let the world attention, but we are not mine machinery manufacturing power, China's manufacturing of independent intellectual property rights of mining machinery high-end products so far not much. The future of the mining industry, will be more green, more efficient, more intelligent development, to achieve major equipment, high-end sets for China's economic construction and social development to make greater contributions.