Jaw crusher to replace the bearing need to pay attention to the problem



The same time as the above-

Large bearings are mostly used to open the sliding bearings, bearing lining is mostly made of Babbit, this bearing scraping technology requirements are higher, poor scraping or improper adjustment of the gap, will lead to tile or burning tile ACCIDENT.


1 in the removal of the jaw crusher when the old tile should do the work


(1) to measure the thickness of the old bearing pad surface tile. The same time as the above-


(2) measure the level of the spindle. The same time as the above-


(3) carefully check the spindle is smooth, whether there is corrosion, bumps and other defects, cone crusher should try to eliminate. The same time as the above-


(4) measuring the top gap, backlash and axial clearance of the old bearing. The same time as the above-


2 detects the contact of the tile back with the housing


According to 'JB / T5000.10-1998 heavy machinery general technical conditions assembly' requirements, must be worn back scratch, so that it reaches the required technical requirements. Otherwise, the equipment is running between the bearing pad and the bearing between the prone to reverse slip or rotation. Sand and gravel production lines, cone crusher manufacturers and other sand equipment, in order to prevent this phenomenon occurs, are generally used pin, sets of positioning methods.


3 Shaft wiping the technical requirements


According to 'JB / T5000.10-1998 heavy machinery general technical conditions assembly' in the requirements of the spindle scraping research should meet the following technical standards.


(1) the spindle and the bearing should be uniform and fine contact, but also have a certain gap, so that the upper and lower bearing pad and the contact angle outside the main part of the formation of oil wedge, and the wedge from the tile began to gradually transition from zero to zero. The same time as the above-


(2) contact angle can not be too big nor too small. Contact angle is too small, will increase the bearing pad pressure, serious bearing pad will have a greater deformation, accelerated wear and shorten the service life; contact angle is too large, will affect the formation of oil film, damage lubrication effect. Therefore, without affecting the bearing under pressure conditions, the contact angle is as small as possible. The same time as the above-


(3) the contact angle within the scope of the actual contact with the more spots, the more fine, the more uniform the better. The same time as the above-


Shanghai is a professional jaw crusher, counter crusher manufacturer, to provide you with a full range of programs, including gravel production line and mineral processing equipment production line program. For each customer tailor-made, and in the 'all the rest assured customers,' the purpose of taking a variety of flexible service, in order to allow every customer to enjoy the thoughtful, rest assured that the service. CBBC reminds customers that these details are important and that customers may ignore such problems. If you have a customer who has changed the jaw crusher bearing, please read the above carefully and believe that it is very helpful to you.