European version of the crusher for tailings slag out of pollution fate



 

The same time as the above-


In the context of the continuous development of mineral resources, resulting in a large number of tailings slag occupies a large number of land the most important thing is to pollute the environment, which is the most concerned about the people. Tailings recovery equipment and systems engineering continue to improve, some of China's mining enterprises to improve economic efficiency considerations, have built a number of iron tailings recovery plant, tailings for finishing, production of high value-added building decoration materials, made Obvious economic benefits.


In the three major industrial waste, the utilization of steel slag is much lower than slag and fly ash. Usually steel slag used to make the filler, or used to burn cement, in general, the utilization rate is not high. Steel slag contains a certain amount of cement clinker of the main minerals, and after grinding machine equipment, can be used as cement mixture and concrete admixture conditions. As our country in this area is still flawed, there are most of the slag dumping caused by waste of slag and steel slag resources. CBBC industry analysis of the steel slag and slag crushing and grinding equipment must have a good development prospects, jaw crusher and mill equipment development technology will directly promote the recycling of slag resources.


China's current scrap recycling rate of 19.9%, far below the world average of 48.3%. The development trend of foreign scrap industry is to scrap steel sorting treatment as a leader, the use of environmental protection, mechanical and electrical integration and other high-tech, research and development of new waste steel integrated processing technology, the formation of new environmentally friendly high-tech industries and new economic growth The The crusher equipment developed for slag treatment and steel processing equipment has played a huge role in the treatment of slag, and has greatly saved the social resources. Believe that the use of tailings in the 21st century is the most comprehensive utilization of mineral resources, the largest potential areas, will be the first to use new resources.


Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd., is a research and development, manufacturing, sales and service as one of the mining machinery and equipment company. In recent years in the mineral processing equipment, mineral processing equipment, gravel production line, and achieved remarkable results. Over the years, always to the quality of survival, technology and development, market-oriented, in good faith as a fundamental, in 2003 passed the ISO9001 international quality system certification. The company is the national Torch Program Zhengzhou precision metal industry base, and with a number of domestic research institutes such as Zhengzhou University of Technology, Zhengzhou Institute of Geology and Minerals to maintain long-term close relations of cooperation, we also actively introduce a large number of management, scientific research in high-tech talent, So that the company's scientific research strength in the same industry in the long-term to maintain the leading level.