World Economy: Internationalization strategy is the future development trend of crusher industry



The same time as the above-

In recent years, with the intensification of the trend of world economic integration, green low-carbon economy has become the theme of world economic development. As one of the important pillars of China's mining machinery crusher industry, in the new era of development should conform to the international trend of low-carbon economy, and actively to explore new ways of development. Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as state state industry) that the mill manufacturers need to further emancipate the mind, broaden their horizons, but also need to international strategic vision to deal with the development of the industry.


As the most professional domestic crusher production enterprises, state state industry already has a relatively complete machinery manufacturing system and skilled sales service team and improve the sales service network. The next few years to see, the state's goal is to help the rapid development of the Internet, out of the country will be the world famous brand started foreign markets. Today, the state of industrial production of counterattack crusher and European version of jaw crusher by the trust of our customers, including a large part of the customer is from abroad, played the Chinese manufacturing enterprises successfully enter the foreign market triumph.


State-industry uphold the quality of survival of the country, the service is the source of the development of production and business philosophy, customer satisfaction is the state of state-of-the-art innovation and the foundation. The company to join the manufacturing industry 15, with a wealth of experience and high-tech applications, as well as the world's pursuit of excellence, the spirit of innovation, making the company's products to obtain the highest degree of customer satisfaction; In addition, the company has an experienced, Skilled sales service team and improve the sales service network, to provide customers with the enthusiasm of the pre-sale service, professional technical support and solutions.


CBBC believes that for any enterprise, want to develop, we must have the idea of ​​advancing with the times. The height of the thought depends on the size of the field of vision, the advantages of vision determines the advantages of thought. CBBC Industrial Station in the front of the crusher industry, always aiming at the forefront of world science and technology development, concerned about the major progress of the crusher industry, grasp the world crusher industry changes, timely adjustment of development. Emancipate the mind, broaden horizons, from which to grasp and capture the development of new opportunities for mining machinery.