World state heavy jaw crusher into a new environmentally friendly equipment



The same time as the above-

As we all know, in recent years by the national policy support and guidance, energy saving and green low carbon has become a crusher and other mining machinery industry and other national economic pillar industry development theme. In such a large environment, the recovery of fly ash is not the industry's rare things. As a leader in the domestic mining machinery industry, jaw crushers manufactured by Shanghai Shi Bang Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (CBBL) can help deal with fly ash for cement tiles.


Fly ash cement brick required base material is fly ash, fly ash consumption in the process of materials in more than seventy percent or more. It is a high content of silicon raw materials and calcium raw materials (limestone), has a good insulation effect, light and so on. Fly ash is one of China's current large-scale industrial waste, the pollution, the amount of damage is also quite large. Reasonable use of fly ash production of cement brick, fly ash can be turned into treasure. With small fly ash made of hollow cement brick, not only to solve the problem of fly ash pollution, so that the effective utilization of fly ash to 100%, so that no residue, no pollution effect. In general, fly ash is mainly used in building materials, construction, road construction, backfilling, agriculture and resource recovery and other aspects, fly ash in agriculture can be made of fertilizer and soil improver in wastewater treatment and flue gas desulfurization There are some applications, but in the comprehensive utilization of many fly ash, the most widely used or to its number in the building materials, construction applications, fly ash after jaw crusher can be made after the processing of various Building materials, including fly ash brick, made of various blocks, the preparation of cement and concrete basic materials.


The state jaw crusher is a new type of crusher for fly ash recycling. The equipment is by the state state industrial crusher R \u0026 D center experts based on the use of mine users and recommendations in the large jaw crusher on the basis of updating and improving the design for the majority of users at home and abroad to provide a new, Energy saving. At the beginning of the production process, the gangue is fed from the feeder to the crusher jaw crusher, and then the resulting coarse material is conveyed by the tape conveyor to the crusher for further crushing. Stone into the vibrating screen sieve different specifications of the stone, do not meet the requirements of the size of the stone back into the impact crusher again broken. Jaw crusher is one of the world's leading products, at home and abroad has been in the absolute leading level.


On the current domestic crusher industry, the 'low-carbon economy, green world' theme has gradually become the trend of the times, and most of the crusher there are energy consumption, high displacement, dust and other pollution of the environment. Therefore, the state state of industry that to increase the new energy-saving green crusher R \u0026 D and production, has become the major crusher manufacturers of the top priority. Fly ash recycling can not be separated from environmental protection equipment jaw crusher to promote the role of fly ash jaw crusher application and promotion won the trust of the government and users, the development prospects of a good school.