World Economic Development: 'Foreign Trade Development' Twelfth Five-Year Plan 'will bring new opportunities for the development of crusher industry.




Ministry of Commerce announced the 'foreign trade development' Twelfth Five-Year Plan 'pointed out that by 2015, China's total import and export will reach about 4.8 trillion US dollars. 'Planning' that the 'second five' period, China's steady growth and promote balance should be made substantial progress. Import and export steady growth, the total annual growth of about 10%, trade balance continues to improve. 'Twelve Five' period, China's foreign trade development space layout to be more perfect. On Europe, the United States, Japan, Hong Kong and other traditional markets import and export steady growth, the proportion of steady decline. For emerging economies, developing countries and other markets import and export growth, by 2015, accounting for the proportion of foreign trade reached 58%.
According to the 'planning' to do a good job in 2012 foreign trade work, to the theme of scientific development, to turn the main line to adjust the structure, to promote coordination as the focus, grasp the stability of the overall tone of the work, around the 'steady growth Structure, promote balance ', improve the policy, optimize the environment, adjust the structure of the three work.
CBBC believes that for the crusher industry, the Ministry of Commerce announced the 'foreign trade development' Twelfth Five-Year Plan 'will crusher industry to bring new opportunities for the development. Among them, the outline of the 'emerging economies, developing countries and other markets, such as the rapid growth of import and export, by 2015, accounting for 58% of the proportion of foreign trade,' the plan, and three goals to focus on strengthening the cultivation of technology , The brand, quality, service as the core competitiveness of the export of new advantages, and actively expand the advanced technology, key parts, domestic shortage of resources and energy saving and environmental protection products import, optimize the trade balance structure for the crusher industry's foreign trade development More vast space, but there are also challenges. China's crusher industry want to gain an advantage in the international market competition, in the effective use of national policy support at the same time also need their own tireless efforts to create innovative product quality, the formation of brand effect, with a view to the international market can get a place.
As one of the most professional manufacturer of crushing machinery in China, CBBC has always been committed to innovating for the development of the international advanced technology and production equipment, to further deepen the reform, and actively adjust the industry and product structure, change the mode of economic growth. At present, the company adopts flexible and diversified enterprise management mode of operation, utilizes all the domestic and foreign industry resources which can be used, and obtains the win-win situation of cooperation to realize the advantages of enterprise crusher, sand making and construction waste treatment equipment in technological innovation Market, and further improve product quality and strengthen service awareness, improve the overall competitiveness of the whole industry. Based on long-term, adhere to the technological innovation Avenue unswervingly, speed up the high-end mining machinery, mineral processing equipment, crusher equipment and key parts of the R \u0026 D and market development, in order to achieve business fast and fast sustainable development, The