Iron ore demand to increase the crusher manufacturers have a new breakthrough



The same time as the above-

Iron ore is an important raw material for iron and steel production enterprises. Natural ore (iron ore) is crushed into small pieces by crusher and then crushed by a crusher to obtain particles of about 3 mm. First, rough, Powder machine for grinding, magnetic separation, can enhance the iron ore grade. In order to promote the development of the western market of iron ore industry, the help of the machinery industry is indispensable. Including crusher, sand making machine, crusher, milling machine and other crushing equipment composed of gravel crushing production line. This series of equipment is the raw ore processing into a number of industries required for the finished product required by the process required equipment. Therefore, the development of iron ore market, not only led to the development of the machinery industry, but also led the crusher and other crushing equipment development.


With the rapid development of economy, China's demand for iron ore increased significantly, domestic production can not meet the demand, iron and steel enterprises need a large number of imported iron ore, so the number of imported iron ore in China increased year by year, the proportion of imports accounted for demand Also gradually increased to become the world's largest iron ore market buyers. This is the development of China's crusher industry also has a great role in promoting. Greatly stimulated the crusher industry transformation and upgrading of the urgent task, such as to speed up the internal structure of the crusher industry, the occupation of international scientific and technological innovation heights, grasp the new strategic battle network, the right to use high-tech to enhance product performance, innovation and development to achieve new Breakthrough and so on. In addition, the state through direct or indirect policy to guide the crusher industry development model changes. Promote the real economy, promote the equipment manufacturing industry, a good atmosphere of independent innovation, and further build support equipment manufacturing industry independent innovation policy system, in the perfect policy system support, increasing investment in science and technology, strengthen the wire industry and crusher industry Reasonable docking, reduce the risk of innovation in the industry, for the crusher industry to provide a favorable space for independent innovation and development.


Shanghai Shi Bang industry as a leading manufacturer of crusher industry, has been excellence, and actively introduce first-class technical level, focusing on independent innovation and development and production, with generation on behalf of high quality and efficient jaw crusher, cone crusher, vibration feeder, Sand making machine, impact crusher and other equipment to prove the strength of the state industry, while the production process to continuously improve innovation, casting excellence brand, leading the future of the crusher industry innovation and development path.