Ring hammer crusher is an important part of the crushing of raw coal



In the trend of sustainable development, the government and the whole society are advocating energy-saving green development path, make full use of raw coal resources has become increasingly important, we must strengthen the coal washing industry, the full use of coal to avoid environmental pollution The At the same time China's coal washing equipment enterprises to strengthen technological innovation and research and development, help coal washing industry to accelerate the development of specialized production.
It is reported that there are many power plants with coal, rather than coal washing. This is usually seen in coal mines supporting the construction of coal plants in the power plant, they do not have coal washing processing capacity, can not be desulfurization to remove coal gangue to reduce dust, resulting in pollution of the atmosphere. However, the coal from the mine directly mined out of the coal must be washed in order to send to the refinery, power plant use. Because the coal is not only mixed with a lot of impurities, and the quality of coal is also different, need to be separated. Coal can be removed from the coal in the coal gangue, dust, take off part of the sulfur element.
At present, China's coal preparation equipment technology mostly lower than the international advanced level, equipment, traditional, low processing capacity. The coal washing processing capacity will continue to increase the trend, the coal washing industry must actively take measures to reform and innovation, improve technology, development and use of new, efficient and high yield of broken, washing equipment to improve the professional level of coal preparation plant. Crushing and screening is the first part of the coal washing treatment, but also a very important part. Raw coal is a moderate hardness, moderate degree of material, crushing process in general hammer crusher easy to plug, resulting in low production efficiency, low yield.
In recent years, a new type of ring hammer crusher to high efficiency, energy saving characteristics of the coal washing industry has become the 'darling', known as the coal industry dedicated crusher, Shanghai World State Industrial production ring hammer crusher in the technical superiority , The ring hammer crusher according to different areas of different characteristics of raw coal, change the grid gap, which can be achieved fine and uniform material, the crushing efficiency of the purpose of a substantial increase. At the same time, ring hammer crusher hammer selection of high chromium alloy material, high wear resistance, life than the same quality high manganese steel hammer or forging hammer can improve 4 times. This ring hammer can really achieve the efficient crushing of raw coal operations, a strong impetus to the coal preparation plant specialized production. Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial is one of the high-tech enterprises engaged in crushing equipment, crusher, crusher and other crushing equipment. It is a leading position in the industry. Its crusher is sold well and sold abroad. The