Shibang heavy industry crusher brand to deal with industry downturn



The same time as the above-

At present, look at the international economic development trend, the global economic downturn has not yet stabilized, Europe and the United States economic downturn, developing countries are also facing economic risk of landing, global market demand shrinking. In this context, the industry professionals predicted that the next period of time China's mining machinery industry will be a 'low period.' As we all know, the mining machinery industry as a pillar industry of the national economy, in China's economic construction and social development occupies an important position. In the face of the external economic winter, the machinery industry decline, the Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state state of industry) that the mining machinery industry's top priority is to understand how to market demand for production, configuration resources, in the market Downturn in the situation to optimize the product structure, open up the market, income savings in favor of more long-term development.


Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (CBN Industries) since its inception has been adhering to the 'quality first, users first' development principles, the company established a complete quality management system, strict control of each product production process , Carefully build the industry market reputation. CBBC industry believes that the brand is an intangible asset of the enterprise, which represents the market for enterprise products, business development recognition. A quality of the image of the enterprise is carefully built by each employee, the quality of the production process is the accumulation of only the production process to do Cengcengbaguan, little control, the production of the product is possible to ensure quality, become people in mind CITIC Of the product. In the past, China's crusher industry in the brand building slightly lagging behind, and with China's national economy take off, improve the manufacturing level, leading the development of China's crusher industry brand image of enterprises need to establish. In order to further revitalize China's national industry, to speed up China's crusher enterprises continue to progress and development, the Chinese crusher industry should be united as one, gather the industry development momentum, leading the crusher market brand era for China's crusher equipment industry development path Gorgeous chapter.


For enterprise product structure adjustment and technological innovation, the state industry in the face of energy-saving emission reduction and eliminate backward products, doing very well. In the new period, the company will focus on the combination of production and research to find a new breakthrough in the optimization of industrial institutions, focus on enhancing the core competitiveness of enterprises in the doldrums in the market to seek a contrarian road. In the company's view, the quality of the enterprise is the intangible assets, enterprises are open to the key to the success of the key, for enterprises to create huge economic benefits. In the rapid development of highly competitive modern social environment, a business in order to survive, and development, first of all to build first-class products, to maintain first-class quality, with first-class product quality to win the favor of users and trust, and thus create First-class brand and market.