Shibang Heavy Industries: with excellent quality to create crusher industry immortal legend




After the reform and opening up, along with the construction of the socialist market economy, China's reform and opening up the depth of the modernization process to speed up the rapid economic development, the development of China's various industries to achieve the takeoff. Take the crusher industry, in the reform and opening up after three decades, China's crusher industry to complete the system reform, structural adjustment, industrial upgrading and many other important processes, China has gradually grown into the world's largest crusher manufacturing country. Different sizes of different strength ranging from mining machinery and equipment manufacturing enterprises have sprung up, coupled with foreign companies to see China this piece of the vast market has to share a slice, leading to China's mining machinery crusher industry market competition Increasingly intense. The speed of development is so fast, its roots lies in the introduction of market competition mechanism. Market competition inspired the continuous development of China's crusher enterprises, big step forward, the liberation of the crusher industry's productivity and creativity, so that crusher market flourishing. In such a competitive society, as a business, you do not advance, you move forward fast enough, will be abandoned by the market. In today's buyer-dominated market, the way to win market competition with low-level price advantage is out of date, high-taste products and personalized services can guide, stimulate consumption, brand era has arrived. In today's market competition, people for the pursuit of the brand has made it the core of competition, China's crusher industry has also embarked on a road to build national brands. Since its inception, CBBL has a long-term vision for the development of the mining machinery industry, embracing the goal of becoming the leader in China's machinery industry. Throughout the year, the state-wide industry is adhering to the idea of ​​simply focusing on the machine. The development of the continued increase in R \u0026 D support and capital investment intensity, and to meet the needs of the domestic market, follow the trend of technological development, and the introduction of international advanced technology and technology, take the road of international technology research and development, at the time and Money to pursue quality, and strive for customers to seek more benefits. CBBC industry because of excellent business management and excellent product quality to win the market share, but also won the customer's reputation. State-owned industry in the development process to form a unique, rich content of the corporate culture at the same time, constantly based on market demand for R \u0026 D and production, and constantly follow the trend of the times to update the management philosophy, but also always state full of vibrant industry secret. We believe that the state of industry to tireless pursuit of excellence in the spirit, shoulder the responsibility to build national brands, and constantly promote the development of China's machinery and equipment industry progress, will be able to create another one of the brilliant and legendary!