High-speed rail construction is tight and the crusher is selected as the key



The same time as the above-

In recent years, high-speed railway construction in a very important position. Relative to the highway construction, the railway construction investment scale, long construction period, involving a wide range, more effective to drive building materials, construction machinery and other markets. The project involves a wide range of engineering machinery products, earth and stone machinery, lifting machinery, crushing machinery, sand making machinery, concrete machinery, piling machinery ... ... the largest number of earth and stone machinery, bulldozers, excavators, loaders, crushers, Sand making machines, milling machines and so will play their respective roles.


However, from the development trend point of view, both energy-saving environmental protection and efficient crusher, sand making machine products is undoubtedly the future development of crushing machinery leading direction. Now more and more production enterprises focus on efficient, energy-saving crushing machinery research and development and production. As a manufacturer of large-scale mining machinery and equipment, Shanghai Shi Bang industry has made continuous research and experiment, combined with the existing hammer crusher, impact crusher, impact crusher and so on, in the structure and materials, Large improvement, the use of the optimized cavity structure, more effective use of the 'stone stone' broken principle, completely solve the crushing and wear parts life problems, as related industries to increase production and reduce consumption, improve efficiency and technological transformation Of the preferred equipment.


Shanghai Shibang Industry is a high-tech enterprise specialized in the production and research and development of crusher, sand making machine, cement grinding and wear-resistant materials. It is the leading domestic counterpart in the field of large crusher production, ore crushing production line and large gravel production line. Crusher host accessories are developed by the Institute of wear and tear, independent of the quality of its crusher products and leading wear-resistant materials research industry, especially in the cement raw materials broken and grinding industry world-renowned, gravel Division Construction: sand and gravel production line, limestone crushing production line, gravel production line, building sand production line and other large gravel crushing total package project for the construction of high-speed rail smooth and orderly conditions.