How to choose the right cone crusher series



The same time as the above-

Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial is a crusher-based R \u0026 D manufacturer, after more than 10 years of technical precipitation, research and development to create a jaw crusher, European version of jaw crusher, hydraulic cone crusher, CS cone crusher, Anti-crusher, the European version of the impact crusher, 5X sand making machine, VSI sand making machine and a series. These advanced technology, full-featured, covering coarse, broken, crushing and ultra-fine grinding and other processing range, in a variety of ore, rock crushing processing has an important application.


Among them, as a new and efficient crushing equipment, cone crusher series of products widely used. The main areas of use of cone crushers are metal, nonmetallic mines and stone fields. Although the rock is broken, because the purpose of dealing with different, so the use of different requirements. Suitable for the use of stone equipment, not necessarily applicable to the mine; the same is used for mining, the performance of its broken material is not the same (such as hardness, abrasiveness, water content, mud and impact energy index, etc.), broken the purpose Not the same (such as crushing ratio, handling capacity, the final product size, etc.). Should be in the 'avoid weaknesses' approach, select suitable for different conditions and performance of the cone crusher, to achieve lower production costs, long-term stable operation purposes. For example, handling high hardness, difficult to break the material, should choose multi-cylinder hydraulic cone crusher; handling abrasive, high water content of the material, should choose the speed cone crusher; treatment of the final product, especially fine materials, should Choose high-speed cone broken machine. On the contrary, the processing of soft materials, you can choose the bottom of a single cylinder hydraulic crusher.


In addition, because the cone crusher in the three-stage closed-circuit system applications, and other equipment in the system configuration closely related. Especially in closed circuit systems, the crusher is closely related to the inspection of the screening machine and the buffer silo. There is no suitable match, it can not give full play the excellent performance of the crusher. For example: require more than 85% of the fixed shaft cone crushing machine, must have a large enough to form a buffer to adjust the silo, to prevent the equipment is not normal wear; lower fineness of the bottom of the single-cylinder cone breaker , Requiring the configuration to meet its cycle load of the feed belt conveyor and check the screen, otherwise it will affect the overall system processing capacity.


CBBC industrial engineers suggested that in order to make the best capacity of crushing equipment, it is recommended that the use of cone crusher in accordance with the characteristics of the material to be broken, their broken requirements, as well as crushing the production line of other equipment configuration conditions and other factors, Weighing the choice of cone crusher type, size and quantity, so that crushing and sieving production line can be stable operation, to achieve the desired production goals.