Weibang Heavy Industries to contribute to the construction of environmentally friendly society



The same time as the above-

Since the reform and opening up, the pace of reform in all walks of life has been accelerated, and the economic construction has been advancing by leaps and bounds. The natural economic model has been gradually broken down and replaced by the 'extensive economic development model' with high exploitation, high consumption, low efficiency and low quality. In the development of green low-carbon economy has become the theme of the development of the world's background, China's environment-friendly economic model, the implementation of new economic model is imperative.


As a domestic R \u0026 D has been the production of green mining machinery manufacturers, state state industry that the development of environment-friendly economic model is a profound revolution. The development of an environment-friendly economy is a revolution in implementing the scientific concept of development, changing the mode of economic growth, reducing the pressure on resources and the environment and solving the pollution. In the traditional to the modern, from the planned economy to the market economy, from the seller's market to the buyer's market, from resource consumption to resource-saving, from the sacrificial environment to the protection of the construction environment, and the process of convergence with the international market, economic growth Is facing a serious challenge, in order to change the consumption of resources to a number of times, from the extensive use of pesticides to the source of production and the whole process of pollution control, from the organic waste chaos to no waste and other aspects to start, we must develop environmentally friendly Type of economic model, which is a profound revolution.


Mention of waste, it will involuntarily think of turning waste into treasure again use. To this end, the Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as state state industry) experienced experts jointly developed a new energy-saving environmental crusher, milling machine and sand making machine and other mining machinery and equipment, with environmental protection, energy saving, Low consumption characteristics, is the waste of the plan for the implementation of the best equipment. Shibang Industrial Co., Ltd. developed such equipment, including the impact crusher, European version of jaw crusher, high pressure hanging roller mill, crusher series, Nissan 50-1000 tons of complete sets of mineral processing equipment, and other major series of products With the characteristics of energy efficient and environmentally friendly. Equipment, respectively, with grinding powder, fine powder and ultra-fine powder effect. The company's product design philosophy and purpose is to stand in the customer's position, the real benefit for customers, and truly provide customers with efficient and low-cost project operating hardware facilities. As a leader in the domestic mining machinery industry, the state economy not only for the national infrastructure provides a strong equipment support, more rapid development of the national economy to write a brilliant poetry. But also for the construction and development of environment-friendly economy, so that the industry's resources to optimize the allocation of resources to promote recycling in the economic cycle has an indelible contribution.