Shibang Heavy Industries: crushing equipment to witness the transformation of construction waste




With the widening of the urban framework and the acceleration of the urbanization process, the tall buildings replaced the low-rise buildings, demolished the construction waste nowhere to pile up, where many dumping, a large number of construction waste piled into the hills. According to industry estimates, every 100 million cubic meters of abandoned construction waste to an average of 5 meters deep landfill, need to occupy 300 acres of land. China is the world's largest new building last year, the annual 2 billion square meters of new construction area, equivalent to 40% of the world's consumption of cement and steel. China's annual construction waste volume accounts for 40% of the total municipal waste, municipal and waste management has become a major problem.
At present, China's construction waste treatment methods are: landfill, heap abuse, construction waste recycling brick, dry powder mortar, etc., of which landfill, heap abuse or the main treatment, in order to effectively solve These issues, the Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. took the lead in the construction of garbage research, technical adjustments and updates, and the introduction of the German advanced technology research and development of professional treatment of construction waste equipment, the full realization of the construction waste recycling.
Construction waste combined with construction waste brick machine to form a complete brick-making combination, after the construction of garbage broken building aggregate, add lime powder, coal ash can be made by the construction of waste brick brick-free brick, grass brick, color turn And so on. Can fundamentally improve the utilization of construction waste. Let's take a look at the process: the bulldozer sends the scrapped garbage into the pulverizer inlet, and to reduce the noise, the giant crusher is embedded in the ground. Construction waste in the crusher installed in the cranial cavity of the eight high manganese steel hammer striking, was crushed by the mobile screen sieve into different specifications of the aggregate, and then sent by the conveyor belt into the aggregate workshop, more than 30 mm of aggregate And then return to crush, screening. Close to the grinder next to a dust removal facility is running. In the aggregate feed inlet, there is a length of more than 1 meter wide and more than 20 cm long suction iron, the garbage in the steel, scrap metal and other metal rotation to the ground. Next, the forklift from the aggregate plant to the aggregate into the two batching machine, automatic data control system, respectively, the aggregate, cement, water and fly ash and other ingredients, according to the processing of various types of building materials automatically Ratio, and then by the molding machine rolling, so that made a variety of building brick.
Shanghai World State Industrial as a professional manufacturer of crushing equipment, since its inception always adhere to the road of sustainable development. To environmental protection as the benchmark in improving product quality and improve production efficiency at the same time, pay attention to reduce the energy consumption and environmental pollution, try to achieve green production, in order to achieve sustainable development.