Green environmental crushing equipment in the future to become a pioneer



In the global environment and the growing energy crisis situation, green environmental protection has become the main theme of social development. The industry has a profound understanding of: repeat the past that high consumption, high pollution, low efficiency of the extensive development of the way, has not conform to the current situation, while the relevant policies introduced by the state also increased the high energy consumption and high pollution industry regulation and control efforts , Energy conservation and environmental protection will change the economic development mode to occupy an increasingly important position.
The problem of the treatment of fly ash and blast furnace slag has been a difficult problem in the environmental protection industry, so that the fly ash and blast furnace slag turning waste into treasure as the focus of the study of the major industries. CBBC industrial R \u0026 D personnel after several experimental research, to create a series of fly ash, blast furnace slag slag processing equipment, to overcome this treatment difficulties, but also solve the environmental protection industry a problem. Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. is China's leading new environmentally friendly machinery and equipment factory, the main production are: jaw crusher and cone crusher. The main production of metal crusher equipment series: scrap metal crusher, car shell crusher, cans crusher, paint barrel crusher and other metal crusher.
As a manufacturer of mining machinery, crushing and screening equipment has also been innovation, tailings processing equipment is also upgrading, the equipment fully meet the environmental requirements, especially in the ore in the broken, crushing, anti-crusher, cone crusher series Tailings recovery in the processing and utilization played a very good role in promoting, especially the cone crusher with a hydraulic chamber system, reducing downtime. Each type of crusher cavity type, the user can according to different needs, choose a different cavity type. Cone crusher with grease seal, to avoid the water supply and drainage system is easy to plug and easy to mix water and oil defects, spring insurance system is overload protection device, can be foreign body, iron through the crushing chamber without harming the crusher. In the trend of environmental protection, the state industry will, as always, to low-carbon environmental efficiency as the goal, for the human to create a green future.