Mining machinery market demand will continue to enlarge



Mine machinery manufacturing industry is the basis of the establishment of the national industrial system, is the pillar industry of the national cement equipment economy, the development of the country has a great impact. With the urbanization of the west, regional revitalization, high-speed railway, highway, nuclear power construction, affordable housing construction and investment in water investment increased, 'second five' during the mining machinery market demand will continue to enlarge. In recent years, the mining machinery market demand, in 2011 the total industrial output of the industrial sector total industrial output value of 1.689 billion yuan, an increase of 25%. Of which 120 kinds of major mechanical products, there are 102 kinds of product production to achieve growth, including mining machinery industry, the fastest growing. China has entered the ranks of mining machinery production, consumption, export power, but big but not strong. Shangpu consulting machinery industry analysts believe that by the introduction of the national purchase order, the government began to increase the protection of housing investment and construction efforts and low carbon green world development trend of the two major factors, large-scale, green mine machinery Industry development preferred. Based on the current situation of the mining machinery industry, China's mining machinery industry should further deepen the reform, actively adjust the industrial and product structure, change the mode of economic growth, enhance the ability of independent innovation, speed up the high-end mining machinery, mineral processing equipment, crusher equipment and key parts R \u0026 D and market development. To further improve product quality and strengthen service awareness, improve the overall competitiveness of the whole industry. Product innovation ability is to determine the status of enterprises in the global competition in the primary factor, especially the mining machinery industry, but also to play its innovation, to create environmentally friendly energy-saving mining machinery and equipment. According to Shang Pu consulting released '2011 China's mining machinery industry market prospects and investment value analysis report' shows that the current level of mining machinery technology, is to promote the production of mineral processing crushing equipment for the mainstream, the next 20 years will continue to develop so. To further improve the accuracy, efficiency, automation, intelligence, network-based, and gradually to the processing unit and high-end equipment manufacturing system transition. (