The mutual promotion of crusher and energy extraction



At present, China is one of the world's largest energy development hub, has become the world's largest mining machinery market. Infrastructure investment in the huge investment, continued to accelerate the pace of urbanization and other measures to stimulate the international giants and China's construction machinery enterprises sensitive nerves. China's railway operating mileage, highway mileage, urban household housing area, energy construction, which will bring the mining machinery industry, a large number of models of demand. Have directly stimulated the development of China's mining machinery market growth. Mining machinery industry covers crusher, milling machine, sand making machine, mineral processing equipment, and other series of raw materials processing equipment ore.
With the progress of materials science, manufacturing technology, information technology and computer technology, each round of products has new technology injection, parts update cycle is shorter and shorter, new equipment replacement faster and faster, especially large-scale mining machinery Of the development, no mature experience can learn from, but does not allow any errors in the design, it must be through the integration of multidisciplinary technology to improve design efficiency and design quality, enhance the independent innovation capability and market competitiveness.
Especially in recent years, with some cement companies to speed up the merger and reorganization, transformation, cement companies began to enter the aggregate into the aggregate, new materials and non-metallic mineral market, has sounded the new profit margins to expand the horn, and even tentacles Extended to the financial industry, real estate, it can be seen, cement enterprises explore the new industry has become a trend. Shibang industry for cement enterprises gravel aggregate, new materials, such as the direction of development to provide the best quality crusher, milling machine production equipment, in addition to providing cement production required for the ball mill, but also for the production of aggregate required for aggregate A full set of equipment, from the first jaw crusher to crushing the impact crusher and then to the final shaping of the impact of sand, and both are the industry's advanced production level. For the healthy development of energy extraction to provide high-quality crusher equipment to promote energy conservation and environmental protection, rational and efficient use.
Shanghai Shibang Industrial production of broken series of equipment, including impact crusher, jaw crusher, the European version of crusher series and milling production line, sand production lines, mineral processing equipment. One jaw crusher with its crushing ratio, product size uniformity, simple structure, reliable, easy maintenance, operating costs and other economic characteristics. Widely used in mining, smelting, building materials, roads, railways, water conservancy and chemical industries and other fields. In the infrastructure construction has a pivotal role in the process of mining energy development bear the brunt, and nuclear power, wind power construction will become the main force of the construction machinery market.