How should improve the production efficiency of crusher



The same time as the above-

Crusher equipment as a mineral resources necessary mining machinery in China's economic development plays a decisive role in improving the production efficiency of crusher equipment on China's economic development has an important role. Is an important part of the mining machinery, including jaw crusher, impact crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher, Raymond Mill, high pressure powder mill, vertical mill and so on Ten kinds of equipment with different uses, not only in the coal, electricity, chemicals, building materials and other industries deep processing of raw materials play a huge role, but also for the railway, highway, hydropower, municipal engineering and other construction to provide efficient and reliable technical equipment The


As a mining machinery and equipment manufacturers Shi Bang industry that: in-depth study of international and domestic mining machinery industry development status, industry trends and trends in technology development. It is of great significance for China to further develop and improve the level of mining machinery manufacturing and provide more high-quality and efficient equipment with the international advanced level for the development of coal, metal and nonmetallic mines to meet the needs of national economic development for energy and raw materials.


Crusher jaw crusher and cone crusher with two crushing work between the two working surfaces when the angle is closest to the angle; the roller crusher is the ore block and the contact point of the lead The angle of the two tangents is called the angle of the angle. The angle of the crusher is an important condition for determining whether the crusher can break the ore smoothly. The smaller the angle is, the smaller the ore is, the smaller the crushing ratio, the easier passage of the ore, and the greater the productivity. On the contrary, the larger the angle, the smaller the mine, the greater the crushing ratio, the ore is difficult to pass, so the productivity is small. If the angle is too large, broken ore, the ore will jump up and can not break, or even a security incident. If the angle is too small, the crushing ratio is too small to meet the requirements of the process. So the angle of the crusher should be appropriate. The maximum (limit) angle of the crusher is determined by the coefficient of friction between the crushed material and the crushing face, which can be determined by force analysis.


Shanghai Shi Bang industry in the fifteen years of development process, the customer feedback to do in-depth study of the problem, from the material hardness, material humidity, broken material after the fineness, material viscosity, hammer and jaw wear Several aspects to improve the production efficiency of crusher, for customers encountered problems one by one breakthrough for the crusher equipment to improve production efficiency has a great effect. On China's mining machinery and equipment to improve the overall level of making a significant contribution.