Shibang Heavy Industry Crusher Equipment Recycling Mine Mineral Resources Prospects Unlimited



China is in the industrialization and urbanization to accelerate the development stage, the consumption of mineral resources, external dependence is higher. But the global mineral prices continue to rise, increasing the production costs of mineral products enterprises in the global supply of mineral resources, the situation, the mineral resources processing and utilization of the remaining residue, tailings, contains the second use of business opportunities. For a long time, due to the technical level and the level of knowledge is limited, management backward, extensive development and a series of reasons makes China's mineral resources tailings recovery rate is low, resource utilization is low. Which in addition to the target mine, other recyclable associated minerals and non-metallic minerals are mostly discharged into the tailings. Over time, the formation of the 'artificial deposits' or even 'artificial mineral groups', taking up a lot of land but also on the mineral resources caused a great waste. Development and use of long-term accumulation of a large number of tailings, both 'turning waste into treasure', but also effectively alleviate the resources and environmental pressures.
Mine tailings is a treasure to be tapped. Experts believe that the current task of China's mining circular economy is to develop the use of long shelved a large number of tailings. If the new development of mineral processing technology, waste slag recovery, no less than the establishment of a new mine. Rather than metal mines such as coal gangue and other surrounding rocks are also useful substances, but also has been excavated to the ground, stacked together with the wealth. China's mineral resources consumption increased significantly, the contradiction between supply and demand of mineral resources intensified and the international mineral prices continue to rise today, we only have to make full use of the tailings of this hidden wealth in order to this world in the energy war Gain a dominant position. At the same time, tailings re-use is also the development of mining circular economy, building a resource-saving and environment-friendly society, take the road of sustainable scientific development an important part. As a domestic professional research and development of mining machinery and equipment manufacturers, the state industry believes that to strengthen the tailings of the recycling, you need to innovate on the equipment to achieve the purpose of energy efficient recycling.
At present, the state of the industry research and development of CS series cone crusher, impact crusher and tricyclic medium speed mill and other equipment for the tailings of the recycling treatment, have a large amount of processing, high recovery rate of significant advantages. Among them, CS series cone crusher through the cavity type optimization design and the use of reasonable speed and stroke combination, so that the model in the same dynamic cone diameter in the case of doing the most. Therefore, compared with the same type of cone crusher, with higher performance and production capacity. Impact crusher set crushing, shaping and sanding three broken mode in one, has become the manufacturers of tailings recycling processing of the core equipment. Through the high quality and efficient tailings recycling equipment, the tailings into a new resource for economic development, the state industrial R \u0026 D team will work with you to contribute to the construction of green mines.