World State Heavy Industries: the market to do navigation to innovation and development



In order to maintain the macroeconomic policy is basically stable, to maintain rapid economic balance and development, to maintain the overall level of price stability, to maintain the overall situation of social stability is to ensure that China's economic development to avoid the best choice. In the global economic downturn, China's domestic small and medium-sized business is also facing difficulties. China's production crusher enterprises are scattered, the central enterprises are more, in such a situation is bound to be affected by the global economy and in trouble.
With the rapid development of science and technology and industry, the production process, the theoretical basis is constantly exploring. Shibang industry as a mine machinery crusher manufacturers for the crusher equipment research work focus on the study of crushing in the energy-saving and efficient theory, but also continue to strive to find a new theory to break through the well-known broken three theories ; The study of the combination of high-energy or multi-force field with non-mechanical force, although the subject is only for the research stage, but its development potential is huge, it is also one of the hot areas of crushing equipment research; improve and enhance the existing equipment Function, to achieve large-scale equipment and high-end, so that more in line with the needs of energy-saving social development.
In the crushing process, it is necessary to ensure the quality of the parts to ensure the final crushing effect. In order to save the investment cost, the parts life of the crushing equipment and the whole life of the crushing equipment are the same. The service life of the machine also has certain requirements. China's crusher equipment manufacturing industry is gradually developing crusher equipment series of products in order to achieve the same size of the same components as standardized and generalized to improve the interchangeability of equipment parts and components to promote the production process can be a reasonable economic composition, And simplify and reduce equipment maintenance.
In the above circumstances, Shanghai Shi Bang industry to the market as a beacon to serve customers as the goal, to do the chips of scientific and technological innovation, is committed to the study of environmental protection and energy saving crushing equipment, is also committed to the existing structure of the product reasonable transformation and machine parameters Scientifically determined to achieve product performance improvement. For the national economy towards environmental protection and energy conservation and efficient development contribute to a force.