The crusher is able to adapt to the market




The weather is getting hot, easy to drink cans become more people choose to quench their thirsty drinks. However, consumers have recently questioned, cans beverage can be opened after the opening ring will be immersed in the beverage, long-term exposure to the outside of the ring may cause pollution of the beverage. International Food Packaging Association, the Secretary-General, food safety expert Dong Jinshi in an interview with the media, the exposed cans in the transport and storage process can easily be dust and micro-organisms such as pollution, pull the ring easier to hide dirt, and may be infected with pathogens And the virus and the human body. Dong Jinshi told reporters that the current International Food Packaging Association experts have begun research, the next step with enterprises to communicate, to study whether to cancel the pull in the pull or do the corresponding improvement, and strive to introduce the relevant standards as soon as possible.
It is understood that in the city of Zhengzhou by a number of large supermarkets to see, 14 kinds of brand cans drinks, 12 kinds of use is outside the pull-type ring, only two brands of beverage pull ring for the flip. Cans is also indispensable to people's lives, China is the world's largest recovery rate of waste cans, almost no waste. A large number of recyclable cans of reasonable treatment has become a common concern.
Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial Station in the protection of the environment, take the road of sustainable development point of view, design and manufacture of cans crusher to adapt to the market, conform to the people, for the majority of crusher users and manufacturers to bring a chance. Intelligent high-end, low-carbon environmental protection has always been the state to adhere to the idea. In the current technology-led case, high-end low-carbon is undoubtedly a highly competitive market in a key indicator. The company specializes in teaching and research of domestic institutions of higher learning for technical cooperation, collaborative research, can provide users with project design, process design, standard and non-standard design and manufacturing, cans crusher site installation and commissioning, and other train services. Both users at home and abroad and get their praise, warmly welcome the broad masses of old and new customers to visit our company to buy!