Impact crusher to improve production efficiency Technical innovation is king



Compared with the vertical impact crusher material can not be adjusted, the impact crusher with feeding characteristics of large particles, to overcome some of the big stones can not break the problem, but also to ensure that the size of the material size uniform, so that the finished product With sufficient quality assurance, its yield as high as 90%, not only greatly reduces the rework rate, but also improve the reputation of the product; not only the daily production capacity greatly increased production capacity, while supporting small power consumption is relatively small , The corresponding reduction in the cost of the enterprise; it changed three broken for the two crushing, simplifying the process, shortening the time from raw materials to finished products, so that the production capacity on the production line once again increased. The structure is relatively simple, easy to observe the structure of the machine, easy and fast maintenance, usually running very smooth.
In the financial crisis, China has introduced a series of policies and measures to stimulate the steady and rapid economic development of the economy, including the State Council recently invested 4 trillion 'security growth' measures, driving a new round of local government investment enthusiasm, 'people's livelihood' Become the number one focus of investment. In the local government investment plan, the focus is still the railway, highway, power plant, real estate and other infrastructure projects, which are China's mining machinery industry gravel production line are closely linked. In the mine machinery industry to provide new opportunities for development at the same time, also put forward higher requirements, the need for mining machinery industry to speed up scientific and technological innovation, improve scientific and technological content, technology for the future bigger and broader market areas.
CBBC believes that as an enterprise, no matter what kind of project to choose, in order to maximize profits, only to maximize the increase in production efficiency and reduce energy consumption. A qualified gravel production line equipment manufacturers to take this as a starting point, the design of efficient and environmentally friendly sand production line equipment, to bring more profits for the user at the same time, it will not pollute the ecological environment, support users to take the road of sustainable development The Then we will from a scientific point of view, according to the user site environment and user demand output to configure the best sand production line program. The level of technological level of mining equipment is an important indicator of the degree of development of modern mine equipment. Only by mechanized operation of afforestation can we completely liberate labor productivity, reduce labor intensity, reduce production cost and improve economic efficiency. At present, China's mining equipment has entered a new era of great development.
As a domestic professional mining machinery and equipment gravel production line equipment manufacturers, the state industry has always thought that technological innovation is the eternal theme of enterprise development. CBBC always adhere to the road of independent research and development, and continuously enhance the core competitiveness of enterprises, has now become a well-known domestic manufacturers of mining machinery industry, causing widespread concern inside and outside the industry. In the course of the company's development process of continuous drawing on the installation, commissioning and collection of user improvement proposals, retained a lot of valuable experience, design and production of anti-crusher high degree of automation, low operating costs, high broken rate, energy saving, Less pollution, easy maintenance, to produce the mechanism of sand in line with national standards for building sand. State-industry will be first-class scientific research and development team and uninterrupted technological innovation to improve the technological level of products, product quality and product variety to always in the leading domestic level, to provide users with more high-quality products and services. On the development trend, the impact of crusher in the sand production line more and more irreplaceable role. In the use of the process, it is necessary to understand the various aspects of this machine characteristics, and must be timely maintenance and repair, so as to ensure the efficient operation of the production line in order to increase production capacity.