Crusher industry is booming green is the main theme



With the development of the economy, the quality of natural sand in a large number of buildings has not met the requirements. The emergence of gravel production lines provides an opportunity for the construction industry to find new sources. The emergence of artificial sand not only solved the problem of natural sand deficiency, but also an important raw material for high quality concrete. This situation led to the vigorous development of mining machinery manufacturing industry, a large number of mining machinery factory into a hundred flowers blossom, a hundred schools of thought contend.
Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial since the establishment of the production experience has been summed up, and actively introduce domestic and foreign advanced production casting process to ensure that customers produce high-quality crusher. Company's products are: cone crusher, jaw crusher, vertical impact crusher, composite crusher, hammer crusher and so on. It is because of constant efforts, positive innovation, the state firmly believe that only high-quality crusher to capture the market, will have a better development.
State-owned R \u0026 D and manufacturing of sand and gravel production line equipment in the process of design, due to reasonable match at all levels, as well as rigorous space cross layout, gravel production line with high degree of automation, low operating costs, high crushing rate, energy saving, Less pollution, easy maintenance, and the production of sand in line with national standards for building sand, product size uniform, good grain size, and equipped with advanced electronic control operating system to ensure that the entire process out of smooth, reliable operation, easy operation, Energy efficient.
In the future development of the road, the state industry will focus on building green products, take the road of sustainable development, in order to make the gravel production line gradually to prosperity, and work for the building of a harmonious society. In the continuous improvement of the core competitiveness of enterprises, cast high-end brand image on the basis of creating new, energy-saving, high-quality crusher equipment, paving the rational use of coal gangue resources, turning waste into treasure road to achieve coal industry and society Of low-carbon environmental development.