Weibang Heavy Industries: the face of fierce competition in the market to build their own day



The same time as the above-

With the full implementation of China's WTO framework agreement, the full implementation of open policy, the degree of internationalization gradually increased, with the industry competition between similar goods more and more intense, for the mining machinery and equipment industry, as well. Enterprises are often in order to seize the target customers is not only the quality of competition, but also technology, brand, brand competition. The brand competition is a company to quickly capture the market to obtain a large number of target customers the key.


Economic development to bring the increase in consumer demand, considerable profits, making a lot of business investors to see the development potential of the mining industry, have invested in the mining industry R \u0026 D and production. Many large and small enterprises to increase the market target market customers scattered, the industry profit margins have shrunk. The influx of foreign products, the fierce competition, to the manufacturers brought a lot of pressure, ignoring the innovative technology and technological content of the increase, blindly imitate the original equipment on the market for counterfeit production. The influx of foreign products is also a step closer to the market's competitive pressure.


Shanghai analysis of China's mining machinery and equipment will face a new round of industry demand, especially drilling, field prospecting and many other equipment. More and more mines began to use mechanized operations to enhance the mining rate of mining to eliminate security risks. In the coal, copper, zinc and other mine mechanization has been greatly enhanced, so that the market capacity of mining machinery and equipment greatly enhanced. Mine machinery in the computer technology, network technology and other multi-disciplinary integrated support, for economic construction, driven by market demand, in the harmonious development of mankind and nature, mining machinery has been toward the digital, intelligent, ecological and pleasant The direction of development. The same time as the above-


In addition, the development of enterprises can not be separated from the policy support, the government should actively guide enterprises to actively grasp and respond to the new government policies and industry support policies. Faced with such a huge international market, but also face such a huge competitive pressure, mining machinery and equipment industry should increase independent innovation, the establishment of core competitiveness, establish a patent and brand image. Mining enterprises to expand the size of the industry and technological progress, reduce the cost of new environmentally friendly energy-saving equipment to the mining investors with the largest discount price, the most reliable quality of the mine crushing equipment, is a new type of mine crushing equipment business development direction.