New metal crusher equipment to maintain efficiency and promote environmental protection



The next five years, the national economic development will enter a stable and rapid growth stage, the whole society will gradually slow down the growth of fixed asset investment, consumption will be an important driving force to stimulate economic growth, metal crusher industry development will shift from capacity expansion to improve efficiency , From high-speed growth to steady development, the main product demand will show continued to grow, the growth rate continued to decline trend. Yang Yujie said that the metal crusher industry 'second five' development will adhere to structural adjustment, adhere to green development, adhere to technological progress, adhere to optimize the layout of the four principles. 'Planning' focus on guiding the quality and efficiency of industrial development of metal crusher, put forward the energy-saving emission reduction, coordinated disposal, comprehensive utilization of industrial waste indicators, and strive to the past development of large, large but not strong metal crusher industry to build green Functional industry. 'Planning' proposed, 'second five' period, the metal crusher industrial average annual growth rate of more than 10%, a comprehensive phase out of cement, flat glass behind production capacity.
The new metal crusher material industry will also improve the industry access threshold, the establishment of metal crusher material backward production capacity exit mechanism to speed up backward products, technology and equipment out, promote structural adjustment, change the mode of development, focusing on sintering products business integration Transformation upgrade. The implementation of energy-saving technological transformation, and vigorously promote large cross-section tunnel kiln, energy-saving frequency conversion technology, furnace waste heat utilization and other advanced production technology to improve the level of energy-saving emission reduction. Carry out clean production audit, from the source to reduce pollution emissions. Encourage diversified development of related enterprises, support various forms of reorganization and joint, improve industrial concentration, promote the new metal crusher material industry scale, management modernization, equipment automation, production standardization. Next, the relevant departments will also organize the implementation of demonstration projects, strengthen the production and application of demonstration, enhance the overall level of new metal crusher materials.
First, the implementation of new metal crusher waste material demonstration project. Second, the implementation of new metal crusher materials to promote demonstration projects in the county and the surrounding increase in new metal crusher material promotion efforts. Third, the implementation of multi-functional composite integration of new metal crusher material demonstration project. Fourth, the implementation of leading enterprises demonstration projects, select the backbone enterprises and enterprises above designated size, to take the policy of supporting the strong, enhance the core competitiveness of enterprises, cultivate a technological advantage, brand, management advantages, cultural advantages of 10 equipment manufacturing, 100 Production demonstration leading enterprises. To develop and improve the new metal crusher material industry development of the relevant fiscal and tax incentives, research and use of clay resources to burn brick classes with a higher resource tax restrictions policy. And will further strengthen the new metal crusher material product standard system construction, improve the new metal crusher material product standards, improve the standard technical level, research and development of multi-functional composite integration of new metal crusher material technical standards.