Application of Jaw Crusher in Construction Industry



According to the rapid development of China's construction industry sanding equipment caused by climax, jaw crusher is the main blood of the gravel production line. Shanghai Shibang industry as a professional crusher, jaw crusher, Raymond Mill and other mining machinery manufacturers, the production of jaw crusher, hammer crusher in the industry long renowned, mainly for mining, cement, building materials, Chemical and other industries, is the ideal equipment for broken stones.
Most of the construction waste is solid waste, usually in the construction process or the old building maintenance, removal process generated. The content of the various components of the waste produced by the different types of buildings is different, but the basic composition of the material is consistent, mainly by soil, dregs, scattered mortar and concrete, chiseled masonry and concrete fragments , Metal, bamboo wood, decoration produced waste, a variety of packaging materials and other waste and other components. Among them, the use of waste building concrete and waste masonry production of coarse aggregate, can be used to produce the corresponding strength grade of concrete, mortar or the preparation of such as blocks, wall panels, floor tiles and other building materials; the use of waste brick production aggregate, can be used for production Recycled brick, blocks, wall panels, floor tiles and other building materials products, with the realization of construction waste reduction, resource, saving natural resources, the protection of the ecological environment and other advantages, and has a high economic value. In dealing with these construction waste required machinery and equipment, jaw crusher because of its energy saving and environmental protection by the majority of business license and appreciation.
Jaw crusher has a variety of structural forms, the working principle is the same, that is, by moving the cyclical movement to break the material. In the process of moving around the suspension of the mandrel to the fixed E swing, the material between the two panels is crushed, splitting and bending and other comprehensive effects. At the beginning, the pressure is small, so that the volume of the material shrink, the material close to each other, squeeze; when the pressure rose to more than the material can withstand the strength, that is broken. On the contrary, when the move to leave the fixed E in the opposite direction to swing, the material is to rely on their own weight downward movement. Each of the periodic movements of the moving material causes the material to be crushed and retracted to a distance. After several cycles, the broken material is discharged from the discharge port. With the continuous rotation of the motor and crusher motor jaw for cyclical movement crushing and excretion of materials, to achieve mass production.
State State Industrial is specialized in mining machinery and equipment manufacturing manufacturers. In order to cope with the arrival of the international market competition, the state industry will strive to do research and development work for the revitalization of China on the machinery industry to contribute their own strength.