Realization of Cost - saving by Sandstone Heavy Industry



Sand production line equipment can be used for hard limestone, granite, basalt, river pebbles, smelting more slag and other materials aggregate and artificial sand operations for hydropower, building materials, highways, urban construction and other industries The Sandstone, shale, granite, cobblestone sand is a typical of the highest quality artificial sand and gravel, these artificial aggregate aggregate instead of natural aggregate as a building aggregate not only in environmental protection, resource protection has unparalleled Advantages, and can fully meet the high-grade construction projects, dams, high-speed high-speed rail construction with aggregate quality standards. Artificial sand of these advantages for the development and utilization of sand production line to prepare the conditions, sand production line has a broad space for development.
Crushed stone production line generally include jaw crusher, fine jaw crusher, impact crusher, sand making machine, cone crusher and so on. Traditional sandstone, shale, granite, basalt and other broken system using a single hammer or ordinary break broken, crusher hammer, plate hammer wear is extremely harsh, resulting in the whole machine sand production line, gravel production line to spend huge production costs. The pursuit of lower production costs is the direction of the joint efforts of machinery manufacturers and gravel companies. In order to facilitate the gravel field, gravel plant, quarry customers according to their own investment budget, to achieve the best return on investment expectations, the idea of ​​thinking, customers would like to make different solutions to customers According to their own situation to choose.
To achieve zero investment: the use of large gold hammer or ultra-high chromium plate hammer, improve life 50-100%. Crusher hammer and counter-breaking hammer is the system of sand production line equipment essential wear and tear is extremely serious spare parts, high-quality, ultra-wear-resistant parts can greatly reduce operating costs, Daikin teeth the only patent hammer and high-chrome Plate hammer is the first.
Can be less investment: transformation crusher rotor, improve life 100-200%. If there is a smaller investment budget, then the transformation of the crusher rotor is the best choice. Zhengzhou heyday enhanced rotor with the current domestic leading production technology, in the rotor transformation and rotor overhaul accumulated fifteen years of technology and experience, won praise, is the most trusted rotor manufacturers.
If the investment budget is appropriate, an additional level of high efficiency frictionless jaw crusher, while the crusher rotor transformation, which can improve the life of 300-500%. Jaw crusher investment is small, the crushing efficiency is very good, in front of the gravel production line and jaw crusher will greatly improve the 23 counterattack crusher, sand and other equipment crushing efficiency, while significantly reducing resistance The degree of wear of the abrasive.