World economy: economic globalization to speed up, mining machinery R \u0026 D innovation into a new situation




In recent years, with the deepening of global economic integration, many international mining machinery enterprises in the world have to seize the international market, in order to gain a place in the fierce market competition. As a result of promising good prospects for development, the Chinese market has become the world's giant mining machinery manufacturers to grab a piece of cake. So foreign capital to achieve the merger of state-owned enterprises, local brands and foreign brands brand competition is quietly from the market share of the competition, extended to the field of research and development.
In the development of weak local brand enterprises, in the price advantage gradually today, is also stepping up to catch up with multinational companies. As the leader in the domestic mining machinery industry, Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state state of industry) that the current and multinational companies compared to the existing local brand enterprises R \u0026 D strength is still weak, product development is not the case Meaning. Own the manufacturing facilities and technology, the product is entirely made by their own; in the use of resources, only the use of the host country's raw materials, personnel or funds, this is a self-reliance in the world of national forest foundation.
In response to the international developed mining machinery enterprises in China to establish R \u0026 D production base to bring the market threat, the state-owned industry set up a research and development center base, and continued for decades to devote themselves to domestic crusher, milling machine, sand making machine and other equipment Theory and Engineering Application. In the introduction of domestic and foreign advanced production technology experience at the same time, attention to convergence of domestic high-tech talent, and the use of world-class research and development means to enhance the core competitiveness of domestic mineral products. Today, the company already has a large R \u0026 D team, research and development of mining machinery and equipment in independent innovation, energy saving to achieve a qualitative leap to high-quality products and after-sales service to win the majority of customer support.
At present, China's mining machinery industry cluster has formed a certain scale, small and medium-sized mining machinery exports have accounted for one-third of the country's share, the state industry is based on this understanding, in technology research and development at the huge manpower and material resources The CBBC industry believes that with the information technology revolution, management ideas and methods of fundamental changes, optimize the product structure, in order to achieve increased production capacity, expand market share, access to economies of scale purposes, this is the economic globalization background Under the mining machinery industry should have some action. In the future development of the road, the state industry will always pay attention to industry trends, with a good R \u0026 D leader led a group of elite will actively carry out industry technology development, increase the value of product technology, establish the corporate brand at the same time, Domestic mining machinery industry with a good head.


Key words: || mine machinery industry