Crusher industry structure transformation brand building is the key



Since the reform and opening up, economic infrastructure and industrial construction has been put on the agenda of national development. The ensuing mining industry, the steel industry and the building materials industry have maintained a sustained and prosperous growth year after year. In particular, the western development of the country is the development of the crusher industry, which is closely related to these industries, and the crusher manufacturers Such as mushrooming. As the saying goes, too high, some industry problems are inevitable to show up, one of the most important is the industry is extremely lack of independent innovation capability.

According to statistics, China is the world's crusher manufacturers more countries, of course, there is no shortage of a number of world-renowned manufacturers, such as China's mining machinery industry star enterprises Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd., established from the 1997 company Since the introduction of a large number of active management, scientific research in the high-tech talent, the company's scientific research strength in the same industry in the long-term to maintain the leading level. And has a superior modern office environment, the purchase of a large number of production, testing and professional testing of complete sets of equipment, production throughout the use of 5 S management model, Cengcengbaguan, determined not to a substandard products factory. We also have an experienced service team, in the 'all the rest assured customers,' the purpose of a variety of flexible service, in order to allow every customer to enjoy the thoughtful, rest assured that the service.


But after all, this business is only a small area, compared with the international brand, innovation level is low, the gap is obvious, the reason may be related to the maturity of the enterprise development, not enough money to innovation. Although the crusher industry is still continuing to develop, if you do not change the existence of low technology content in the industry, the lack of brand development efforts to develop the situation, then the previous high-growth phenomenon will cease to exist. Many industry experts have pointed out that we must change the development focus, around the product structure, technology structure, market structure, service structure and other aspects of adjustment and transformation, to achieve a large country from crusher to crusher power forward.