Shibang Heavy Industry impact crusher to overcome the technological advantages



Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. is committed to the crushing machine equipment innovation and development and manufacturing, environmental protection as a leader in new technology to technological innovation as the driving force, adhere to independent research and development and cooperation research combined, and constantly go beyond the self, to build crusher industry brand The Since its founding, the state-owned industry has been concentrated development, for many years focused on the development and production of mining machinery, in the stability of traditional products at the same time, understand the needs of customers, to adapt to market development, innovation and adjustment, and take the times to grasp the opportunity technology Innovation and development of the operation of the Road, opened up a technological innovation unwavering development of the road, formed a crusher, milling machine, sand making machine, vibrating screen, feeder, belt conveyor supplemented by the complete Product chain. The successful launch of a number of high-quality ore crusher, industrial milling machine, artificial sand sand and other equipment, widely used in building materials, mineral processing, chemical and other fields.
Impact crusher can be easily adjusted to adjust the size of the material, a wide range of adjustment, impact crusher can adjust the material through a variety of ways, such as adjusting the rotor speed, adjust the counterattack plate and grinding chamber gap. The clearance adjustment can be adjusted mechanically or hydraulically, and the hydraulic adjustment system can be used to easily adjust the gap through the local operation button or the travel control system.
Impact crusher wearing parts of the wear and tear than the hammer crusher, metal utilization is high. Punching Crusher Plate hammer wears only on the side facing the material. When the rotor speed is normal, the feed will fall to the surface of the plate hammer (strike surface), the hammer on the back and side are not worn. Even to meet the material side of the wear and tear is also very small. And the bottom of the grinding rod is also very easy to replace. The metal utilization of the hammer crusher can be as high as 45% -48%. Belt drive can play a dual overload protection function, the drive system requires a low motor power, greatly reducing operating costs. This drive scheme is economical and practical, excellent performance, safe and reliable drive program.
In the future development, the state industry will continue to actively focus on the core technology research and development, capital operation, brand building and other key links, to further improve product quality and strengthen service awareness, improve the overall competitiveness of the whole industry, Innovation Avenue, in order to achieve good and fast sustainable development of enterprises, completed by the big and stronger goals, and strive to build the world-renowned international brands.