Shibang Heavy Industry gravel crushing production line to achieve environmental pollution



In recent years, with the 'building a conservation-oriented society,' the voice of the rising voice, adhere to the scientific concept of development, building a harmonious society and natural society has become a whole society within the trend. CBBC industry that, for the mining machinery industry, the natural environment to achieve a harmonious development to achieve, you need to require mining machinery 'ecological', recycling. As the domestic professional mining machinery and equipment R \u0026 D manufacturers, Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state state of industry) since its inception has been actively respond to the call of the party and the state, with a variety of advanced technology on the manufacturing model, manufacturing resources, manufacturing process , Manufacturing organizations, such as continuous innovation, which produced a batch after batch of high technological content, energy saving and environmental protection of the mining machinery and equipment.
Among them, the state industry in the Raymond Mill equipment using a closed bag filter. Material from the milling machine into the export to become finished, the entire milling process are all closed. In the structural structure, the increase in the amount of air flow through the outlet into the dust collector, was purified and discharged into the atmosphere. So that the entire system in the collection of ultra-fine powder at the same time, put an end to or reduce the pollution of the surrounding environment. Shibang industrial milling machine equipment design novel, reasonable structure, small footprint, low power consumption, long operating life, and low cost of wearing parts, cost-effective features. In the whole life cycle does not produce environmental pollution or minimize environmental pollution, so that the highest utilization rate of resources, the lowest energy consumption, and ultimately achieve the economic and social benefits of corporate coordination. This is the energy-saving environmental protection to comply with the domestic 'green manufacturing' concept of expression.
In the energy-saving environmental protection policy, the state-owned industry to adapt to the country to improve the comprehensive utilization of fly ash development policy, industrial milling machine, crusher, sand making equipment for further technical reform. Its production of sand and gravel production line with a reasonable and reliable structural design, with advanced technology, set crushing, drying, grinding, powder, to enhance in one, not only covers an area of ​​small, simple process, high efficiency grinding, Low energy consumption, and low noise, less dust, clean operating environment, to meet environmental requirements. It is widely used in the metallurgical, power, cement, chemical, power plant desulfurization, slag, slag, slag, coal and other industries grinding processing, but also the comprehensive utilization of fly ash treatment equipment.
In the comprehensive utilization of fly ash, the main use of milling machine for the processing of fly ash, and then mixed with 4 ~ 6% cement or 10 ~ 12% lime mixed with the use of roadbed filler. The use of fly ash, lime and other mixed materials to build road pavement, airport and harbor pavement base has been very common, and achieved great success, but also greatly improve the comprehensive utilization of fly ash.
Shi Bang industrial crusher R \u0026 D work experienced a mighty 15 years of ups and downs, the development of today has changed from a major other technology to the national independent innovation of the new era. In the new stage of development, the state industry will adhere to the scientific concept of development, and developed a new plan, is to create a world-class level of the Chinese crusher brand, to promote the harmonious development of man and nature, to become truly competitive Of the partners and survive in the world counterparts and unremitting efforts.