World State Heavy Industries: ceramic milling machine with environmental protection into every corner of life



The same time as the above-

In the face of resource constraints and environmental constraints of the dual pressures, comprehensive utilization of resources has become a social consensus, and increasingly the government's attention. Previously, the National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Science and Technology, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Ministry of Land and Resources, Ministry of Housing and Urban Construction, Ministry of Commerce jointly issued the 'China Resources Comprehensive Utilization of Technical Policy Outline', and introduced a series of special planning and guidance on waste electronic appliances, Rubber), waste textiles, waste plastics, agriculture and forestry stalks and other resources to do a more complete recycling, and put forward the 'R \u0026 D waste ceramic high value-added recycling technology', which will greatly promote the development of China's comprehensive utilization of resources, Improve the level and scale of waste recycling.


In fact, waste ceramics is a renewable resource that can not be ignored. In the National Development and Reform Commission recently promulgated the 'second five' comprehensive utilization of resources guidance ', also clearly put forward' to strengthen the comprehensive utilization of waste ceramic technology research and development and application, to encourage waste ceramics for the production of ceramic building materials and construction projects. Achieving recycling is significant.


As a professional engaged in the mining machinery industry R \u0026 D and manufacturing machinery and equipment company, has been responsible for social responsibility, and actively respond to national calls. Vigorously advocate civilization, conservation, green, low-carbon concept, and has been engaged in the field of energy-saving environmental protection equipment. State-owned industry that the long-term non-standard treatment of waste ceramics on the environment there are insecurity risks; waste porcelain recycling after the production of porcelain clay, in the thermal stability, temperature, hardness, better than the general porcelain clay; Concern or its immeasurable social benefits, every year China will have nearly half of the ceramic waste can be effectively dealt with to achieve the reduction of garbage, resource, harmless, is conducive to the sustainable development of China's ceramic industry.


Shi Bang industrial production is highly efficient professional ceramic grinding equipment, a unique design structure to increase the pressure between the roller and grinding ring, to enhance the efficiency of grinding. Good channel design is better coarse powder separation, increased the rate of flour and powder quality. High-pressure milling machine performance and stability, broken bite force, wearing parts, high wear resistance, ceramic grinding is the ideal equipment. Efficient ceramic grinding is a powerful assistant to enhance the value of ceramics.