Crusher wear hammer as the material 'condemnation'



With the orderly conduct of China's economic construction, China's mining machinery and equipment also ushered in the development of spring. Among them, the crushing machine is a relatively wide application. Mining machinery and equipment manufacturers are also emerging, to the mining machinery and equipment market pressure, in order to be in a favorable position in the competition must start from the machine itself, to find a breakthrough point for customers to win the highest interests.
Hammer crusher is a widely used crusher equipment, such as the Shanghai World State Industrial Manufacturing DPC single-stage hammer crusher can be used as a cement plant dedicated crusher can also be used in large-scale gravel production line, So its importance determines that it must have a high quality, the hammer is a key component of the crusher, its wear resistance and long service life directly determines the crusher's production capacity, crusher hammer is also hammer crusher Major wearing parts. Mastering the correct crushing machinery daily work skills, and the correct choice of hammer can effectively reduce the wear efficiency and extend the life of wear parts.
If you want to break some of the more determined stone, such as iron ore and so choose ultra-high manganese steel hammer more appropriate, because the hammer's life than ordinary high manganese steel hammer increased by 50%. At present, most of the domestic crusher hammer use high-Meng steel material, because of its wear resistance is not high, hammer in a short period of time must be replaced once. And the high manganese steel hammer is not the same, it is added in the high manganese steel due to Cr elements, because the Cr element can play to strengthen the austenite to improve the hardness of steel, strength and wear resistance, so the hammer Greatly enhanced the wear resistance of the hammer.
In the cement industry broken cement clinker selection of two-liquid composite hammer, its life than the high manganese steel hammer to improve more than 2 times. At present, some enterprises will be designed to hammer hammer handle and hammer were manufactured, hammer part of the use of high manganese steel or carbon steel, so that it has sufficient strength and toughness, hammer part of the use of high chromium cast iron. Although high-chromium cast iron is a kind of excellent wear resistance of the material, can make the hammer end with sufficient wear resistance, but the high chromium cast iron toughness is low, prone to brittle fracture, so hammer handle high toughness of high manganese steel or Carbon steel material, to overcome the shortcomings of a single material. Although the composite hammer has a high service life, but its casting and heat treatment process is complex and expensive.
For some of the strong corrosive materials, \\ 'big gold teeth' crusher hammer is preferred. Because it is specifically for the SiO2 containing limestone developed a high wear resistance hammer, to adapt to the work under severe abrasive wear conditions, suitable for crushing hard, high SiO2, strong abrasive limestone. The first in the domestic use of furnace refining and the overall pressure casting technology, the molten steel is more pure, more dense matrix, crusher hammer life than ordinary high manganese steel hammer increased 50-100%, the use of more secure and reliable.