Crusher equipment to solve the concrete moisture is too high



Concrete is the most widely used civil engineering, the largest amount of a building material. According to the intended performance design and production of concrete, the development of lightweight, high strength, multi-functional new varieties of concrete. In recent years, China's large-scale transformation of urban environment, the protection of housing construction and urbanization in the construction of concrete is widely used. The use of modern new technology, vigorously develop new technology, new equipment; extensive use of industrial waste as raw materials, but also become the future need to continue to solve the problem.
Concrete is a heterogeneous three-phase body, solid, liquid and gas. Concrete mix design process is generally divided into three stages, namely, preliminary calculation, test mixing adjustment and determination. Through this series of work, so as to choose the best proportion of concrete components. However, the limestone mine, the composition of large fluctuations, clay composition is relatively stable but higher moisture content. Therefore, it is necessary to set the pre-homogenization yard of the limestone. When the stacker is subjected to the stacking operation, the limestone is crushed by the crusher and into the feed belt of the stacker at the same time as the crushed clay. One of the large limestone by the B1600 heavy plate feeder feed PCF1616 hammer crusher, after crushing into the stacker feed belt; pile in the clay by the B800 medium plate feeder feed CJ21000 × 700 impact Clay crusher, after crushing into the stacker feed belt. The ratio of limestone to clay remains constant, and the clay is added in excess, and the limestone is calibrated in the raw material before grinding.
Stacking machine for reciprocating tiles, each pile can be fabric 400 ~ 500 layer; reclaimer from the end of the pile from the beginning of the material, each layer can be taken, so to achieve the purpose of pre-homogenization. Material by the reclaimer, belt conveyor was transported to the raw material dosing library. Raw material dough library for the four 8m × 25m round library, respectively, storage of mixed materials, limestone, iron powder, dry clay. Dry clay is in the pre-ingredients, once the amount of clay used too little, by the artificial tissue harvest, to be skilled after the operation can not, free of storage capacity can be used as a backup material library. Under the library using DTGSK-type speed belt scale, raw materials by the second batch after grinding mill.
The high moisture content of the clay can be well absorbed by limestone. During the trial production of the plant, PCF1616 hammer crusher crushing effect is satisfactory, the product has 30% to 40% of the fine powder; by CJ21000 × 700 impact clay crusher crushed 90% of the clay is fine , Moisture content of 20% or less. When the amount of limestone and clay feed (t / h) ratio remained at 160:27, the moisture in the clay was quickly absorbed by the limestone powder, the mixture was reclaimed back and forth by the stacker, and the presence of clay ; Occasionally mixed with large pieces of clay, after 2 ~ 3d, its moisture can be basically absorbed by the limestone powder, from the inside to the outside are very hard. And thus to avoid the clay in the water is too large, for the clay crusher feeding medium-sized plate feeder adhesive serious, attached to the chain plate of clay in the feed outside the fall, each class have to clean up the trouble.