The impact crusher has high efficiency



In China's economic construction in full swing, the mining machinery industry ushered in the development opportunities. In the continuous development of the same time, with the equipment production process technology is mature, China's mine crusher equipment manufacturing industry level of technology and management has made significant progress, which also for China's high-end crusher industry to provide the conditions for the progress, Crusher, scrap crusher and counter crusher and other equipment began to enter the rapid growth stage, a wide range of applications.
For the rapid adaptation of the crusher industry, flexible development model, Shanghai World State Machinery Co., Ltd. to introduce advanced technology in Germany, increase R \u0026 D investment, focus on domestic initiative, the international advanced research and development projects, to intelligent, lightweight, energy saving and other key Core technology, to invest in core parts of the batch of innovative technology on the ownership.
Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial production of counterattack crusher for both soft materials and is suitable for very high hardness of the material. The hammer of the counter crusher is fastened to the rotor with a mechanical clamping structure and has a large moment of inertia when the rotor is rotated. Compared to the hammer crusher (hammer was overhanging), the impact crusher rotor has a greater momentum to adapt to the more difficult materials broken, while lower energy consumption; impact crusher can effectively deal with moisture content Large material to prevent the clogging of the crusher. In the treatment of material moisture content is too large, the impact crusher feed chute and counterattack plate can be equipped with heating device to prevent the bonding of materials. The impact crusher does not need to be equipped with a bottom sieve plate to effectively prevent clogging. The hammer crusher can not use the heating method to prevent the bonding of materials, and must be equipped with the bottom sieve, increasing the possibility of clogging; counter crusher can easily adjust the material size, adjust a wide range. Impact crusher can adjust the size of the material through a variety of ways, such as adjusting the rotor speed, adjust the counterattack plate and grinding chamber gap and so on. The clearance adjustment can be adjusted mechanically or hydraulically, and the hydraulic adjustment system can be used to easily adjust the gap through the local operation button or the travel control system. The hammer crusher to adjust the material size can only be achieved through the replacement of the bottom sieve plate.
Shanghai Shibang Industrial production of crushing and screening equipment, including impact crusher, jaw crusher, cone crusher and other equipment in the mineral processing, metallurgy, the construction of high-speed rail is essential equipment, the company has been committed to the crusher Equipment research, optimize the internal structure of its products, according to market demand to improve and improve product efficiency, in a large number of crusher manufacturers stand out. Impact crusher with its high efficiency, large output, broken materials can be adjusted according to demand and other advantages in the market won the praise of customers.