Crusher industry competition and innovation and development



The same time as the above-

China's crusher industry after decades of development gradually mature and mature. In recent years with the infrastructure boom, the industrialization process, the western development projects such as the rapid development of the crusher industry to open the market door, the prospects can be described as very broad. But the big but not strong crusher industry in the process of moving towards internationalization, faced with technological innovation and brand building obstacles.


In a series of national policies to encourage and support the crusher industry to upgrade the pace of upgrading, the basic to meet the needs of the domestic market. However, China's crusher enterprises mainly to small and medium enterprises mostly to each other to seize the site, to gain increasingly fierce interests, well-known brands are few, not only disturb the fair law of the social market, but also hindered the crusher industry to the international market. Therefore, the positive and independent innovation, strengthen the quality of management, improve core competitiveness, in order to eventually achieve a new breakthrough in the domestic crusher industry.


In the external pressure and internal guidance of the double stimulation, crusher industry innovation and development will achieve a new breakthrough. Shanghai Shi Bang industry actively introduce advanced technology and talents to enhance the technological content of products, adhere to independent research and development of low energy consumption, less dust, high utilization of crusher equipment, casting high-end world brand. On the one hand to increase efforts to promote the transformation and upgrading of enterprises, on the other hand, strengthen the strong combination between the effect of enterprises, so that the crusher industry out of an international development path. Production of efficient impact crusher, jaw crusher, cone crusher, vibration feeder, sand making machine, dryer, ball mill and other equipment, in coal, steel, chemical and other industries have a wide range of applications, by the majority Customers praise.


In a highly competitive environment, product quality and safety and product brand competition between, will also become an obstacle to the industry's intangible bottleneck. Therefore, to the high-tech, high-quality, high performance, high life and other direction of the development, and continuously improve the level of crusher equipment and grade, to create excellent international brands in order to meet the huge market demand and promote China's crusher industry better development of.