The new and unique design makes the cone crusher favored



Shanghai World State Industrial is a production, processing, sales as one of the major mining machinery manufacturers. I have a variety of companies, crushing equipment, mineral processing equipment, gravel production lines and other equipment. With the increasing competition in the mining machinery industry, for the continuous improvement of customers to provide quality and reliable and cheap equipment, I plant technical staff on the main technical parameters of the crusher to optimize the design of the new crusher, unique design, by the majority of users Favored.
, The uniformity of the particle size of the crushing operation is generally higher than that required for the crushing operation. Therefore, a parallel area should be provided in the lower part of the crushing chamber, and the speed of the crushing cone must be accelerated so that the material is in the parallel area By more than one squeeze. Cone crusher of the discharge port is smaller, mixed with the material in the non-broken material is more likely to lead to accidents, and because of the fine grinding operations on the string size requirements, must be in the liner wear and tear after the timely adjustment of the discharge port, The insurance and adjustment of the machine is more necessary than the rough operation. The conical crusher is the same as the rotary crusher, but only for crushing machines that are broken or crushed. Cone crushers continue to develop, with spring cone crusher, Simmons cone crusher and single cylinder hydraulic cone crusher and multi-cylinder hydraulic cone crusher and other crusher equipment.
Cone crusher is a no screen, adjustable crushing equipment, can be widely used in cement plant raw materials, clinker crushing operations, but also can be used for dolomite, coke gems, lead-zinc mine, serpentine, blast furnace slag , Coal gangue, phosphate rock and other medium hardness of the material crushing operations, especially for hard limestone, dolomite, granite, basalt and other artificial sand or highway pavement stone processing broken. Cone crusher structure is unique, broken material, the rotor body is almost no wear, after the cavity is equipped with a screw or hydraulic opening mechanism, do not have the main equipment, you can easily replace the wearing parts. Shi Bang industry based on the Central Plains, covering the whole country, facing the world, talent as a fundamental, innovation-oriented, proactive to seek new development space.