Construction machinery test this year, 'black box'



The plane is equipped with 'black box', the train is equipped with 'black box', you have seen construction machinery installed on the 'black box' it? Yesterday, the reporter learned from the city construction project quality and safety work conference, this year the city will develop lifting machinery and equipment safety monitoring system for the construction of key parts of the subway project trial installation 'black box' for real-time monitoring to ensure the safety of construction. At the same time this year will strengthen the regulation of slag transport, no special circumstances during the day to stop the earth transport.

Security monitoring trial installation 'black box'


With the rapid development of urban construction, cranes are increasingly used in municipal construction, bridges, high-rise buildings and other construction sites. However, due to the use of tower cranes in the process of a greater risk, the incidence of major injuries is also increasing. The crane safety monitoring and control system can automatically acquire the working status of the crane continuously. It has the functions of data acquisition, storage, display, warning and remote data monitoring. It provides safe and reliable analysis data for the safety accidents of the crane and analyzes the data for management and detection , Construction, construction, supervision units and the relevant production enterprises to provide safe and effective means of monitoring. Reporters learned that this year the city set up lifting, boring machinery and equipment database, the annual release of machinery and equipment directory; pilot lifting safety monitoring system and remote network security monitoring and management, the implementation of dual-use construction loader overload, overcrowding video surveillance, Control the number of passengers, real-time control of equipment operation, to ensure safe operation.


Explore the key parts of the subway project construction remote data monitoring system, encountered abnormal situation automatic warning, especially for shield machine repair, take foreign body, tool changer and other dangerous action, try to install 'black box' for real-time monitoring.


No special circumstances during the day outage earthwork


This year, in strengthening the daily supervision of dregs transport at the same time, will increase the night check efforts. In order to cope with the peak unearthed in spring, to reduce the land transport to the city road environment and the impact of mass travel, will strictly control the site unearthed period, in principle, 9 pm to 6 o'clock the next day before the earth can be carried out operations, ruthless Special circumstances during the day will stop the earth transport. Strengthen the construction site of the automatic flushing facilities to use the regulation, to avoid the construction of vehicle tires with mud on the road.