Cone crusher pre - crushing to improve mill handling capacity



Due to changes in the nature of the ore. Gravel crushing still can not solve the problem completely. The design of the crushing circuit, the segregation of the ore on the ore heap, the change of the mining circuit, the change of the grain size and the change of the hardness of the ore will affect the nature of the ore. In recent years. The development of large-scale sieves and large crushers provides a practical option for modern high-throughput semi-self-grinding circuits. 'Pre-broken' can be used as a high-throughput crushing ratio of the second broken. Semi-self-grinding machine before the pre-crushing can improve the overall grinding capacity of 28% cone crusher and useless. The same time as the above-
New type of cone crusher and sieve of uranium, compared with other grinding methods. The crushing loop has more options. The maximum crusher power has reached 1000 horsepower (750kW), its processing capacity for the previous cone crusher 2 times. The typical 2-stage crushing capacity has reached 2500t / h, crushing the processing capacity of 700-750t / h. So the same task requires only less crusher. With high handling capacity and high power crusher, the broken size of the broken product is now more finely manufactured. The crushing ratio of the crusher now has reached 7-8, breaking to the desired final particle size. Because the new manufacturing crusher production capacity, so its economic performance is good, new crusher maintenance and operation of less, so the required labor costs low. The same time as the above-
The automation of the cone crusher allows it to be operated or operated remotely. An operator can manage the crusher as part of a whole plant operation. Crusher wear can be automatically compensated. The quality of the final product remains stable. The impact of follow-up operation is small when the feed particle size fluctuates. Advanced conditional monitoring is a useful tool. It can improve the crusher operating rate, as long as the use of a broken production line on it. It is reported that the mining of the cone crusher operating rate as high as 95% or more. The same time as the above-
A similar test was conducted on the pre-crushing of the semi-self-mill in gold mines in northern Canada. HP700 cone crusher installed in the second paragraph of the broken circuit. A 152.4 + 25.4mm particle size products and two broken products combined into the self-grinding machine. The reduction in the particle size of the feed, ie the so-called semi-self-grinding process before the critical particle size of the product processing, the grinding wheel processing capacity increased by 28%, from 525 t / h to 670t / h. Increased crushing energy (0.63 kW / t) reduces the unit energy consumption of the mill from 18.3 kW / t to 14.1 kW / t. and. As it is now better to control the particle size in the grinding. So the process fluctuates smaller. The same time as the above-
Compared with the early 70s and even the late crusher, modern cone crusher handling and crushing ratio is greater. Cone crusher The use of critical particle size for new uses (such as gravel crushing or pre-crushing before the first stage) expands the application of the cone crusher.