Focus on independent innovation, World State heavy machine crusher equipment selling market



The same time as the above-

In recent years, with the national infrastructure construction investment continues to increase, the demand for powder building materials greatly increased, led the crusher industry, such as fire, such as tea development. According to the development of China's industrial industry in recent years, the mine machinery crusher industry has become an important industry in the process of industrialization and the pillar industry of the national economy. It has obvious industrial development characteristics with high technological content, large industrial correlation and large scale economic effect. Therefore, the Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as state state industry) that the enterprise's independent innovation, strengthen quality management, improve core competitiveness in order to eventually achieve a new breakthrough in the domestic crusher industry. It is also by virtue of the importance of independent innovation of the product, the state of industrial R \u0026 D and manufacture of crusher equipment in the market popular.


As the domestic professional manufacturer of crusher equipment R \u0026 D manufacturers, faced with the powder quality level requirements of the stringent, crusher industry equipment capacity continues to increase, in order to achieve better development, the state state of the crusher equipment constantly upgrading, Narrowing the gap with the technical level of developed countries. In recent years, in the country, in the face of fierce market competition, plus the use of foreign leading edge technology and market share pressure, the state industry will crusher equipment, technological innovation and transformation and upgrading as the company's urgent task, such as Speed ​​up the internal structure of the crusher industry, the occupation of international scientific and technological innovation heights, grasp the strategic emerging industry discourse, consciously use high-tech to enhance product performance, innovation and research and development to achieve new breakthroughs. To pay a return, in the long-term technological innovation and technological innovation, driven by the state-owned industry has developed a green low-carbon, environmental protection and energy conservation of a series, including the European version of jaw crusher, ring hammer crusher, the roller Crushers, impact crushers, etc., the high value-added of these devices makes customers benefit, but also makes the world of this brand in the Chinese crusher equipment market increasingly loud.


In recent years, China in order to support the development of industry through direct or indirect policy to guide the crusher industry development model changes. Promote the real economy and equipment manufacturing industry, a good atmosphere of independent innovation, and further build support for equipment manufacturing industry independent innovation policy system. CBBC industry in the perfect policy system, will continue to increase investment in science and technology to strengthen the powder industry and the crusher industry, a reasonable docking, reduce the risk of innovation in the industry for the crusher industry, independent innovation and development to provide favorable space, For China's economic development to make more and greater contributions.