Common Faults and Solutions of Compound Crusher



Composite crusher is one of the above, is based on the absorption of advanced crushing equipment at home and abroad, based on the optimization design of a no screen, adjustable crushing equipment, can be widely used in cement plant raw materials, clinker It is also suitable for crushing operations of medium hardness materials such as dolomite, coke gem, lead-zinc mine, serpentine, blast furnace slag, coal gangue, phosphate rock and so on. It is especially suitable for hard limestone, dolomite, granite, Basalt and other artificial sand or highway road stone processing broken. In operation will inevitably have problems arise, here we briefly explain two points:
1, hammer failure
Lime crushing function is mainly by the composite crusher hammer and liner and lime a series of blow, impact, shear, extrusion and other force to achieve. Hammer is one of the main wear parts, after a certain period of time work, the hammer's face will be damaged, so that the surface shape changes, then the hammer and liner clearance (generally required in 10mm below) increased , The friction between each other greatly reduced, which is the main form of hammer wear failure.
Solution: hammer failure is inevitable, only as much as possible to improve the effective use of hammer time. First of all to ensure that the accuracy of the lime into the composite crusher, to avoid metal lumps and other miscellaneous pieces into the composite crusher damage hammer or liner. Second, the use of wear-resistant materials such as high-carbon manganese alloy cast steel or inlaid white iron and the like as a high wear-resistant material as a hammer material to improve the wear resistance of the hammer, reduce the number of replacement under normal circumstances You can also adjust the hammer to achieve the purpose. Crusher technical parameters will also affect the life of the hammer, which is the main rotor power and speed. They are not only related to the crusher's production capacity, but also related to the degree of hammer impact hardening. Hammer impact hardening degree is good, its life will be extended. Found that hammer wear failure is serious, to be replaced or repaired in time to ensure the normal ability to break the lime.
2, bearing problems
Bearing damage mainly by the installation of the rotor or bearing imbalance, bearing the ring aging, wear into the ash after the high-speed operation of the rotor during the local force, bearing lubrication is not enough and other factors. By the working environment and working methods of the restrictions, requiring the use of the provisions of the co-ordination; installation should also pay attention to the balanced installation of the rotor, the general use of a bearing capacity, good self-aligning bearings as a rotor bearing, To 5000-10000h is appropriate.
Solution: Due to the working environment and working mode of the composite crusher, the cooperation between the bearing outer ring and the bearing hole and bearing inner ring and journal is different from that of ordinary equipment, and the required cooperation coefficient is required. Installation should also pay attention to the balanced installation of the rotor. To regularly add lubricants to the bearing, to ensure that metal lumps, etc. do not enter the composite crusher, so that the rotor and the bearing by the local strong damage, resulting in hammer damage. In addition, pay attention to the replacement of severe hammer, in order to avoid the quality of different hammer in the high-speed operation to produce different centrifugal force to the rotor and the bearing operation of the force imbalance and wear.
In addition, the composite crusher bearing overheating, mainly by the lack of grease, grease too much, grease contamination deterioration, bearing damage and other reasons. First of all to check the grease is sufficient to regularly fill the amount of grease, the standard grease should be filled with 50% of the bearing capacity; Secondly, pay attention to the daily cleaning and maintenance of bearings, grease replacement. If the wear is serious, please replace the bearing.