The roller crusher features its own position



In recent years, China's infrastructure construction is in full swing, the increasing demand for a variety of building materials, crusher equipment will occupy a very important position and role, as the pillars of the industry. The roller crusher is one of the most common equipment used in mining machinery and has great potential in the industry.
Roller crusher, also known as double-roll crusher, appeared in 1806, has two hundred years of development history. With the continuous progress of science and technology, roller crusher through continuous transformation and update production technology is widely used in electric power, metallurgy, mining, wharf, granary, chemical and other fields. The equipment has the advantages of reasonable structure, excellent production, high output, low energy consumption and convenient operation. Advanced production testing equipment, strong technical strength, mature technology combined with scientific management, product quality and reliable and good corporate reputation to provide protection.
The roller crusher is mainly composed of roller, roller bearing, compression and adjustment device and drive device. Roller crusher structure is simple and reasonable, low operating costs, with high efficiency and other characteristics. Such as equipment roller equipped with replaceable wear-resistant liner, wear-resistant liner with advanced wear-resistant materials, with long life, easy to damage, easy maintenance and other advantages, continuous service life of up to one year or more, Remove the lid can be replaced, maintenance is small, low cost, which is any other types of domestic crusher are incomparable; at the same time on the roller crusher with safety protection device, when there are unexpected metal pieces into the crushing chamber , The protective device action, iron leakage equipment normal operation; more importantly, the roller crusher roller roll body roll in the 1mm ~ 20mm between any adjustable, according to the requirements of crushing the size of the roll gap, the broken particle size can be reliable Control, all the ideal size from the crushing chamber below the discharge.
Since the roller of the twin-roll crusher is smooth, it not only has the effect of crushing, but also has the function of grinding. When the material into the machine after the crushing chamber, the material by the rotation of the roller shaft force, so that the material was forced between the two rollers, while the roller by the rolling and shearing, the material began to break, Small particles along the roller rotation of the tangent, through the gap between the two rollers, to the bottom of the machine thrown, more than the gap between the large particles of materials, continue to be broken into small particles.
The roller crusher can not only be widely used in cement, metallurgy, chemical, power, coal and other industries on the brittle and tough materials processing, but also for mineral processing, chemical, cement, building materials and other industrial sectors in the broken and crushed various Medium hardness below the use of minerals and rocks. In addition, with the roller crusher crushed coal, only through the addition of iron, impurity, without removing the gangue, can be directly broken, broken out of the material, uniform size, thus simplifying the coal preparation process, reducing investment and production costs The