The ideal equipment for crushing crushing operations



The same time as the above-

Impact crusher is a common line in the gravel production line, often with the use of sand, etc., to achieve a variety of ore in the broken, crushing task.


The impact crusher is late for the jaw crusher, but it is extremely fast, mainly because of its unique crushing effect. The main crusher crushing ratio is greater than the maximum crushing ratio of not more than 10, and the impact crusher crushing ratio is generally 30 to 40; crushing efficiency, low power consumption; product size uniform , Crushing phenomenon less; adaptability, impact crusher can be broken brittle, fibrous and hard in the following minerals, especially for limestone and other brittle ore broken. Therefore, the cement and chemical industry using counterattack crusher is very appropriate.


From the structure point of view, the structure of the impact crusher is relatively simple, the rotor, plate hammer and counterattack plate is the main body of the counterattack crusher. The rotor is the most important working part of the counter crusher and must be of sufficient quality to meet the needs of crushed large pieces of ore. Therefore, the large-scale impact crusher rotor, generally use the overall cast steel structure. This kind of monolithic rotor is not only heavy but durable, but also easy to place the hitting plate. Sometimes using a few pieces of cast steel or steel plate to form a disc-type rotor. This combination of rotor, easy to manufacture, easy to get a balance.


Shanghai is a professional manufacturer of mining machinery, milling equipment, sand making equipment, production of counterattack crusher has been welcomed by many users at home and abroad. It is designed to be reasonable, stable and reliable performance, in the traditional impact crusher on the basis of the manufacturing process of a bold innovation, with other products do not have the advantage of the impact of crusher structure unique, no key connection, the use of high chromium plate hammer, It is the ideal equipment for the crushing operation of mine, chemical industry, railway, highway and metallurgical industry. It is the ideal equipment for mine, chemical, railway, highway and metallurgical industry.