Problems and Improving Methods of Compound Crusher



The composite crusher is one of the commonly used equipment in the crushing production line and the sand making line. Widely used in a variety of minerals, cement, refractory materials, bauxite clinker, emery, glass raw materials such as high hard, special hard materials, crushing areas. Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial is a professional engaged in mining machinery and equipment research and development and production enterprises, after 15 years of sharpening, summed up a lot of practical experience. Often deep into the customer, understand the problems encountered by customers and give the most scientific solution.
In the customer feedback, we learned that the composite crusher is often the phenomenon of motor damage, and then we went to the complex crusher work, the production site to investigate the field, the cause of damage to the composite crusher motor in addition to other motor power equipment with Common conventional fault factors, but also with the composite crusher itself, the specific operation of the fault factors. First of all, the starting and ending of the crusher is usually by the pressure automatic switch (pneumatic relay) directly to the AC contactor to achieve automatic control of the motor. The automatic use of automatic pressure switch most of the mechanical structure, the use of spring compression and release energy action contacts. Perhaps the inherent pressure of the automatic switch or due to improper regulation, such as the impact of different reasons. The reliability and sensitivity of the automatic pressure switch is one of the reasons. Second, the mechanical operation of composite crusher, electrical control is relatively simple (especially low-power type), are generally single unit independent work, in a professional operation of the occasion, the occurrence of the fault is not timely, relatively speaking, the fault repeats Expansion rate increased.
CBBC Industries to remind customers to extend the life of composite crusher, to improve the composite crusher bearing the force of the situation to proceed. The composite crusher has been exacerbated by the long-term work in harsh conditions, exacerbating the wear of the rotor bearing. This is more need for us to pay more attention to its normal situation: 1. The correct choice of the rotor bearing model. Double row radial spherical roller bearings with strong carrying capacity, good self-aligning performance advantages, so in the choice of more use of this bearing as a rotor bearing. In addition, the choice of bearing life of the calculation should be 5000 ~ 10000h is appropriate. 2. To improve the composite crusher bearing force situation. The impact load acting on the bearing depends on the impulse acting on the rotor and the support flexibility of the housing. Increasing the support of the bearing seat will reduce the impact load acting on the bearing. To this end, add a suitable thickness of the rubber plate between the bearing housing and the support frame to increase the support flexibility of the housing. Absorb part of the vibration energy, improve the bearing of the force situation, to achieve the purpose of extending the service life.