Crusher industry for low-carbon environmental goals and work



With the rapid development of China's industry, the rapid rise of mining enterprises, a large number of mining equipment machinery factory also appeared, to bring great impact on economic development, but also to the environment has brought tremendous impact. In order to alleviate the harm caused by environmental degradation, the state began to promote low-carbon economy, energy-saving emission reduction, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions as the goal, to build low-power, low pollution, low-emission-based economic development model, and the introduction of relevant policies, Inefficient and polluting small businesses, to encourage efficient energy conservation and environmental protection advantages of enterprises.
Green is the main color of the twenty-first century, low-carbon and sustainable development has become the hot point of the enterprise and efforts to new trends. For the crusher industry, to achieve low-carbon crusher equipment, environmental protection goals, the most important part is the efficient one-time broken, reduce energy consumption colleagues to improve production efficiency. As the crusher can be a large number of construction waste generated after the crushing treatment, the effective recycling, which greatly reduces the natural sand and gravel exploitation. In this way, both the protection of natural resources and human living environment, but also in line with sustainable development strategy. This also means that China will include crusher equipment, including the mining machinery industry, environmental protection requirements gradually increased, once the noise, energy consumption of old crusher has been unable to adapt to the pace of development of the times.
At present, China's crusher market trend is the production of crusher has been saturated, and energy-saving environmental protection of the new crusher development market is a 'blue ocean.' Seize the opportunity, the enterprise itself and the whole industry's future development, have important and positive impact. Shanghai Shibang Industry is a professional manufacturer of crusher, jaw crusher, mill, ball mill, impact crusher, ring hammer crusher, dryer and other mining machinery and equipment manufacturers, since its inception to carefully build corporate brand The State Industries in the production of crushers and other mining machinery and equipment has a wealth of experience, according to the needs of users of crushers and other products for further transformation. The production of crusher noise much smaller than before, a significant reduction in power consumption, and the degree of material fragmentation is also getting higher and higher, further reducing the probability of reworking material re-broken. CBBC industry in the development of new technologies in the industry breakthrough, has gradually reached China's 'low carbon' requirements.
In the low-carbon economy has become the trend of global economic development, China's mining machinery industry have a positive impact on China's crushing machinery industry to provide a good opportunity for development in the future low-cost efficient crusher, sand and other products will Gradually in the industry to occupy a more important position.