Crushing equipment to achieve industrial waste recycling



The same time as the above-

Calcium carbide, iron, aluminum, calcium, magnesium and carbon slag, the solution also contains sulfide, phosphorus, phosphorus, phosphorus and so on. Chemical, magnesium, acetylene and other impurities, can be widely used in materials production, such as cement, ceramics, paint and so on. Alkaline carbide slag with high viscosity, fine particle size, easy to flow and other physical characteristics, the traditional use of not only high cost of infrastructure, covers an area of ​​large, and drip, drip, sticky, hanging, serious pollution of the surrounding environment.


With the national energy conservation and environmental protection situation continues to advance, the second use of industrial waste has become the most popular topic, the experts pointed out that in order to secondary use of industrial waste is the most critical is broken. But the current production of crushers are mostly used only for limestone, pebbles, granite and other natural stone broken, and for the industrial waste crushing equipment is very few, the reason is that these industrial waste is corrosive, and some even toxic Strong, so the requirements are very strict. As a well-known crusher manufacturer Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as state state industry) took the lead in the production of industrial waste on a continuous attempt, and finally launched a steel slag crusher, fly ash crusher, gangue grinder, Carbide slag crusher and other equipment, produced by the particle size can be completely suitable for limestone, clay and other raw materials with, and thus improve the production process to produce composite Portland cement, slag Portland cement, fly ash Portland cement Variety of high quality cement.


Calcium carbide slag utilization of resources - high temperature calcination of cement production process: carbide slag resource utilization - high temperature calcination of cement production process: dewatering carbide slag by mixing, homogenization, removal and other pretreatment process into the storage bin after the cache; Through the positive pressure feed, pumping and other technical aspects of the carbide slag into the cement kiln, the high temperature calcined cement kiln, so as to achieve the use of carbide slag in the Ca, Si and other ingredients to prepare cement purposes.


In the current era of innovation can win, who can introduce new, who will be able to develop in the market at ease. Industrial waste residue is an indispensable companion to the development of industrialized society, and it is an important measure for sustainable development. It is necessary to increase the research and development of equipment and innovation.