Iron ore market wide crusher equipment demand



The same time as the above-

With the rapid development of economy, China's demand for iron ore increased significantly, domestic production can not meet the demand, iron and steel enterprises need a large number of imported iron ore, so the number of imported iron ore in China increased year by year, the proportion of imports accounted for demand Also gradually increased to become the world's largest iron ore market buyers. Iron ore processing equipment crusher series equipment has become a mining machinery industry star equipment, especially the impact of crusher is favored by the majority of customers.


Iron ore is an important raw material for iron and steel production enterprises. Natural ore (iron ore) is crushed into small pieces by crusher and then crushed by crusher to get about 3 mm particles. Powder machine for grinding, magnetic separation, can enhance the iron ore grade. Iron ore crushing process in the general use of the feeder, the first broken, broken, sieving, crushing, dry selection of these processes, for economic reasons, usually into the dry election machine ore finer finer, iron The higher the proportion of ore to be dry out. Some small concentrator directly to the fine jaw broken broken iron ore dry election operations, resulting in a very serious waste of natural resources. Therefore, the choice of the most economical mode of production, the maximum increase in iron ore dry rate, iron ore dressing units must face and research topics.


Western construction in the tense, in order to promote the iron ore industry in the western market development, the need for mechanical industry to help. In the mining industry, the use of crushing machines, sand making machines, crushers, grinding machines and other crushing equipment is essential, and its machinery industry also occupies a dominant position, this series of equipment is the original ore processing into more The required materials for the finished product must be required for the process. Therefore, the development of iron ore market, not only led to the development of the machinery industry, but also led the crusher and other crushing equipment development.

Keywords: iron ore