Shibang Heavy Industry Crusher Iron Ore Dressing Broken Expert




In recent years, the world's steel production has been rapid development, the world's steel production from 970 million tons in 2003, increased to 1.74 billion tons in 2007, China's steel production increased from 223 million tons in 2003 to 489 million in 2007 Ton. Since 1996, China's steel production has been ranked first in the world. Iron ore is one of the main raw materials for steel production in industrial production, which has a significant impact on the development of iron and steel industry. A wide range of iron ore, China has now proven iron minerals and iron minerals have more than 170 kinds of the most industrial value to the number of magnetite, hematite, limonite, siderite, magnetic Hematite and ilmenite. Iron ore market demand continues to increase, led the state of industrial processing iron ore development.


However, China's iron ore is a serious shortage of demand situation, in 2003 China replaced Japan as the largest iron and steel import and export countries, iron ore imports in 2007 as high as 383 million tons. The increase in steel production led to the rapid growth of global iron ore demand and production, also contributed to the world iron ore prices were rising year by year trend. In order to cope with the rising trend of international iron ore prices, in order to ensure the healthy and stable development of China's steel industry, the domestic market has realized that the use of existing domestic and foreign advanced mineral processing technology and equipment for China's iron ore resources efficient, The depth of development and processing, to meet the domestic market demand for iron ore has a great impact. The state-owned industry has developed a new type of beneficiation technology for the 'poor', 'fine' and 'miscellaneous' characteristics of China's iron ore, which greatly improved the level of iron ore dressing technology in China. This mineral processing line contains the main mineral processing equipment mainly jaw crusher, impact crusher, spring cone crusher, roller crusher, European version of jaw crusher, ball mill and so on.


State-owned industrial mineral processing equipment production line users at home and abroad, and get the majority of users praise. State-owned industry will, as always, to sustainable development-oriented, environmental protection responsibility for China's economic development and social progress to contribute.