Anti - crusher to promote the efficient production of China 's sand industry



With the accelerated economic development process, on the one hand, China's natural sand has been far less than the requirements of the aggregate of sand and gravel. On the other hand, China's artificial gravel resources are more abundant. In China, the origin of gravel is often in the remote mountainous areas or river basins, but these areas of sand and gravel demand is not high. Production of artificial sand are manpower production, labor intensity is very large, high energy consumption. Artificial sand production machinery plays a key role in the production of artificial sand and gravel. The past, the way the production of gravel can not keep up the pace of economic development, therefore, R \u0026 D and production of efficient sand production line equipment to become the major mining machinery manufacturers of the top priority.
Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial Co., Ltd. is a professional enterprise engaged in mining machinery and equipment. The production equipment includes crusher series, milling production line equipment, drying equipment and sand production line equipment. The sand production line is mainly composed of vibration feeder, jaw crushing Machine, impact crusher, shaker, sand making machine and tape conveyor, centralized control and other equipment. To meet the different needs of customers processing, can be equipped with a cone crusher, dust removal equipment. Large stone from the silo by the vibrating feeder evenly into the jaw crusher for coarse crushing, shredded stone from the tape conveyor sent to the impact crusher for further crushing; crushed stone by the tape conveyor Sieved into the vibrating screen for sieving, sieving several different specifications of the stone to meet the requirements of the size of the gravel by the finished product belt conveyor sent to the finished material pile; do not meet the requirements of the size of the stone from the tape conveyor back to the counterattack Crusher to break again, forming a closed loop many times. Finished particle size can be combined and graded according to the needs of users, in order to protect the environment, can be equipped with auxiliary dust removal equipment.
In the gravel production of the impact crusher is an important crusher equipment, in the production of sand and gravel in the second broken machinery, which is mainly used for the material of coarse and broken. With the progress of technology and equipment from time to time to improve, broken production efficiency from time to time to improve the application areas from time to time to expand, counterattack crusher in recent years in the construction of gravel aggregate disposal and other aspects of a wide range of applications. Impact crusher on the gravel crushing efficiency, moderate particles, but also the main raw material of concrete crushing and processing equipment.
Shanghai Shi Bang industry to meet the market demand for aggregate aggregate, is committed to providing quality products for the majority of the production concept, and constantly improve the impact crusher technology to improve the quality of counter-break equipment, and strive for the vast majority of customers invented the greatest value. Leading the gravel industry to the green, environmental protection and efficient direction.