Shibang heavy industry transformation of gravel production line to take energy conservation and environmental protection line



With the deepening of the concept of energy saving and environmental protection, the sustainable development of mining and mining has also attracted people's attention. The demand for energy extraction has been improved. In order to meet the market demand, the equipment and equipment of mine machinery and equipment have also been reformed to provide modern technology and equipment for infrastructure construction At the same time, to promote the local enterprises to introduce energy efficient and environmentally friendly equipment to promote the sustainable development of China's mining industry.
China's construction industry is developing rapidly, the construction business continued to expand the demand for aggregate aggregate increased. Gravel production line is stone production line, can be processed aggregate aggregate, in the construction of various industries gradually on stage. Closed and discarded obsolete, backward factories and equipment; according to a comprehensive understanding of the regional market to determine the direction of development of the ore mining, so as not to cause some products in the regional market supply and demand imbalance; according to product development orientation, through the existing Ore structure adjustment and modernization of the mining, so that the mine mining technology process rationalization and optimization. With the large number of small-scale mining plant rectification of the new large-scale concentrator, large coal preparation plant and large-scale cement plant construction, which made a higher demand for mining equipment, the urgent need to deal with large capacity, high efficiency, Run a reliable energy-saving environmental protection equipment.
Crushed stone production line mainly includes vibration feeder, jaw crusher, impact crusher, sand making machine and other components, can break the limestone, granite, basalt and other materials. But for environmental protection, but also need to be equipped with dust removal equipment. If a person is to stay in the stone factory for a long time, a lot of dust will harm people's health, the addition of dust collector not only meet the road of sustainable development and to protect the health of workers.
State-owned industry is a set of research and development, production and sales as one of the modern mine equipment and mineral processing equipment manufacturers, the production of gravel production line production is to comply with the green environmental protection can be vigorously promoted, only to adapt to social trends in line with the people Welcomed by the customer.