Shibang Heavy Industries: tricyclic medium speed mill rapid development led to the expansion of perlite stone warmer



The same time as the above-

Low-carbon economy is based on low energy consumption, low pollution, low emission-based economic model, the current energy-saving emission reduction has become the consensus of the international community, low-carbon environmental sustainability of China's economic and social development of the top priority. Building energy conservation is an important part of China's energy conservation, building wall insulation is to achieve the use of energy in the process of building one of the main means. Insulation materials mainly include organic insulation materials and inorganic insulation materials, and expansion of glass beads is a typical inorganic insulation materials.


At present, China's annual output of expanded perlite has more than 400 million m3, accounting for about 5% of China's annual production of thermal insulation materials, is the most widely used in a class of light insulation materials. According to the statistics of the relevant departments, China's expanded perlite in the market application ratio of about 60% of the construction project, heat pipe insulation about 30%, about 10% of decorative materials, it is mainly used for building energy efficiency and equipment and pipe insulation. Since the second half of 2011, perlite production has become a hot investment industry. The perlite original sand is crushed and superfine crushed and can be used as a filler for rubber and plastic products, pigments, paints, inks, synthetic glass, insulating bakelite and some mechanical components and equipment. The perlite is expanded to become a lightweight, versatile new material. Widely used in a variety of industrial sectors.


Energy-saving emission reduction is a basic national policy, in order to achieve energy conservation and environmental protection, the need for a comprehensive transformation of the external walls of the building, wall insulation materials market will increase substantially. Shi Bang Industrial launched a large three-ring medium-speed powder mill professional for perlite fine powder production, processing fineness more uniform, more fine quality higher efficiency and low consumption to promote a wider range of applications of perlite expansion. CBBC actively respond to market demand and improve the demand for equipment development of mining machinery mill.