Shi Bang heavy industry limestone mill will be environmentally friendly in the end



Now the electricity is our work and life is essential for energy resources. As a large population, China's electricity consumption is relatively more. Which is a huge industrial energy consumption. Electric power for our work and life necessities, in bringing us convenience at the same time, power plant emissions of human beings on the living environment caused a lot of pollution, great harm to human health. In order to protect the environment, many power plants are now using limestone grinding machine desulfurization method, the exhaust gas in the sulfur dioxide out, to reduce environmental pollution.
In recent years, with the continuous strengthening of China's air pollution control, the control of sulfur dioxide emissions from coal-fired flue gas is becoming more and more stringent. In the second Five-Year Plan, the emission reduction of sulfur dioxide made a clear indicator. Thermal power plants and steel mills are the largest industry in the discharge of sulfides, which is the focus of the national remediation industry. According to China's power plant flue gas emissions of sulfur dioxide emissions control requirements, the new power plant production must meet the national standards for sulfur dioxide emissions. According to Vice Minister of Environmental Protection Li Ganjie, 'Twelve Five' period, China will strengthen the coal-fired power plant desulfurization, 2015 will be completed all the old power plant flue gas desulfurization renovation project.
Limestone desulfurization is the most widely used desulfurization method in desulfurization of power plants. Its working principle is the use of milling machine to fully pulverize coal and limestone, and then the two mixed combustion, the sulfur in the coal through a chemical approach to remove. Of course, the finer the powder, the more can be fully burned, the higher the efficiency of desulfurization. Limestone grinding machine is the state of the introduction of foreign advanced grinding technology, after years of careful development of the introduction of the latest, efficient, energy-saving high-fine milling equipment, is currently the industry's most advanced power plant, blast furnace blast furnace Grinding system, has been widely used in major power plant desulfurization and steel desulfurization work.
China is one of the world's largest mining powers. Today, as an important country in the global mining market, changes in China's mineral resources sector, to a certain extent, affect the world's mineral resources supply and demand situation changes. The state more and more attention to the protection of the environment, environmental protection, the word has long run through each of our minds, as crusher and mill of the leading enterprises, state state industry will continue to actively respond to national policies, the concept of environmental protection Brought to the equipment research and development, for the country to contribute to environmental protection.