First-class crusher accessories chelate cement and other industries




Environmental protection and energy conservation has always been an important development strategy of China and the world economy. The so-called environmental protection and energy conservation is the rational use of resources, in the case of non-waste to achieve economic revitalization, the idea of ​​high energy consumption of cement, mining industry in the production of the first link that is re-positioning.


It is understood that the crusher with its superior raw material crushing performance is widely used in cement, gravel, mining, energy and other industries in the initial production operations. In order to use the strategy of sustainable development, some companies began to pick those high-tech, high production capacity of the green type, and these devices in the event of problems only need to replace parts can immediately put into work, do not have to replace the machine, The emergence of the equipment makes the crusher parts in the market share is getting higher and higher.


Hammer and rotor are the most common and most important parts of most crushers. We often say that only the hammer is good and the rotor is good. The crusher is really good. Therefore, the abrasion resistance of the hammer and the rotor becomes Customers buy the first to consider the factors. At present, the market production of hammer, the rotor of the enterprise is that the number of wide also makes the quality of accessories in the existence of good and bad situation, more serious is that there have been individual manufacturers forged, imitate the well-known enterprises hammer, Bad phenomenon.


In order to wear-resistant parts industry's healthy and orderly development, Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. has always pursued the establishment of their own core products, brand marketing. In recent years, by virtue of the promotion of innovative ideas, the state of industrial sand machine through the national quality certification, has been in a number of sandstone plant, the mechanism of sand consumption line put into use, and for users to obtain better economic benefits. Practice has proved that the state of industrial sand machine out of the grain size and hammer life, hammer material wear resistance is rising, more importantly, the state of chase technology is also constantly spread, the market prospects Very broad.


Wear-resistant parts are the core parts of the crusher, in the scientific and technological progress today, only to produce first-class quality of the crusher parts to make the crusher to work properly, so that China's building materials, mining industry and other basic industries in the development of another glory.