Shibang Heavy Industries: Mill ultrafine grinding technology beyond the self, walking in the forefront of the times



The same time as the above-

Mill grinding technology is accompanied by modern high-tech and new materials industry and the development of a new crushing engineering technology, has now become the most important industrial minerals and other raw materials, deep processing technology, the modern high-tech industry Development is of great significance.


Ultrafine grinding technology is an important part of powder engineering, including ultrafine grinding of powder raw materials, high precision grading and surface activity changes and so on. According to the size of raw materials and finished particles or particle size, crushing can be divided into coarse crushing, fine grinding, micro-comminution and ultra-fine grinding, which is a rough classification. It is noteworthy that the national industry due to the use of ultra-fine powder, preparation methods and technical differences, the size of the ultra-fine powder has a different division.


In recent years, China's economy has made rapid development, milling equipment in its project area has played a vital role. Today, the mining machinery mill industry has gone through the low labor force and the expense of the environment at the expense of the extensive stage of development, in line with the international trend of low-carbon economy, milling machine industry is actively exploring the development path of energy conservation and environmental protection. This is not only the government at all levels need to further change the concept of things, but also the majority of milling machine manufacturing enterprises need to further emancipate the mind, broaden their horizons, to the international perspective on industrial development.


State State Industrial as a professional manufacturer of milling machine manufacturers. The new mill also to high efficiency, energy saving and other advantages, in the domestic and international sales market gradually expanded, sales have also been significantly improved, leading the mining machinery industry green new fashion. To the professional production quality, preferential sales price, first-class after-sales service, walking in the forefront of the mining machinery industry.