Crusher equipment application of a wide range of road construction and construction of mining machinery industry promoter



The same time as the above-

At present, China has become a major mining machinery manufacturing and concern, mining machinery industry is a measure of a country as an important indicator of the overall industrial strength. In the economic construction, scientific and technological progress and social development play a pivotal role, is the pillar industry of the national economy. 'Twelve Five' period, with China's energy demand, the acceleration of urbanization process, mining machinery industry market prospects can be expected.


China's economic construction is being carried out in an orderly manner, especially the high-speed rail project has been carried out throughout the country. China's expressway at an alarming rate of development, brought the high-speed rail equipment to become a new target for the manufacturing industry to compete for the market. Which counterattack crusher is essential. As a domestic professional mine equipment crusher manufacturers, Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (CBN Industries) after a long period of technical accumulation, developed a high-quality impact crusher, in the same industry in a leading position. In order to speed up the construction of roads, the development of the domestic economy has played a rapid role in promoting.


Under the influence of the country's strong investment in road construction, the production of high quality sandstone material has become a gold industry. Subgrade, bridge construction requires a lot of high quality aggregate supply of gravel. State World Industrial as a domestic professional broken, sand equipment manufacturers, a strong team of experts, to provide the most comprehensive production of sand and gravel material investment planning, at any time to provide customers with comprehensive after-sales service. The company produces a series of counterattack crusher set in three crushing mode in one, is the domestic and foreign construction, mining, metallurgical industry and the highway, railway, bridge, hydropower, mineral grinding industry and machinery industry core equipment. Production line and gravel equipment production line is the state industry experts for many years to develop mining machinery and equipment wisdom and the right decision-making crystallization, is an international advanced level of high-energy low-power equipment, its performance in a variety of fine ore equipment plays an irreplaceable The role of.


Machinery industry analysts pointed out that China's mining machinery industry prospects can be reflected in three aspects: First, the mining machinery is the basis for the establishment of an independent industrial system, as energy, transportation and raw materials and other basic industries development pillar, get the national focus Support, which for the development of China's mining machinery industry to create a good environment; Second, with the rapid development of the national economy, human resources and energy demand is heating up, for the development of China's mining machinery provides a strong driving force; Twelfth Five-Year 'period, the scale of investment in railway construction will directly pull China's mining machinery market more than 10% demand growth, railway construction, especially high-speed rail construction will be high-speed development. 'Twelve Five' at the end, to high-speed railway-based rapid railway network will reach 45,000 km, for the development of the mining machinery industry to provide market opportunities.


Shanghai Shi Bang industry will, as always, from the start to improve their own, to promote the mining machinery will be in the digital, intelligent, sophisticated, miniaturization, life and ecological direction.


Mining machinery industry