Crusher is a key part of material handling equipment



The world itself is a closely related to play the whole, every major reform, will have a lot of things to change. Economic construction, repair the highway, repair the railway, the building to use cement, stones, gravel, etc., which ushered in the mining, gravel industry, the rapid development of the peak, while the production of mines and gravel Use, so that the development of broken machinery industry gradually into the peak period. This ring buckle, pull the whole body and the relationship between the body, determines the construction of infrastructure will inevitably lead to the development of gravel and crusher industry. Crusher and other large-scale production of mining machinery, and then also led the steel market, a wave.
Shanghai Shibang Industry, as the leading manufacturer of machinery in the crusher industry, has developed a series of crushers, jaw crushers, impact crushers, hammer crushers, cone crushers, impact Crusher and other mining and construction industries use the most in recent years with the development of new building materials industry, but also led the series of milling machines, including Raymond Mill, high pressure medium speed milling machine, ultrafine milling machine, Powder and other milling equipment development. To jaw crusher, for example, moving jaw on the material system cyclical effect, is the direct cause of fluctuations in the system. When the working stroke is about to begin, the crushing chamber is filled with relatively loose material and the material system is in equilibrium. At the beginning of the work trip, the balance is broken, and as the jaw stroke increases, the stress in the material system continues to increase. And when the material particles between the occurrence of dislocation, the stress will drop in a short time. This is the small fluctuation that occurs in the linear region near the equilibrium state. When the moving jaw stroke is further increased, the stress in the system is further increased, and the particles in the system first appear crack or plastic deformation. The stress in the system will be greatly fluctuated, which can be regarded as a large fluctuation, With the increase of the moving jaw stroke, the associated size between the subsystems is also increasing rapidly, and the coherence is increasing. When the jaw stroke reaches a certain critical value, the stress in the system reaches the maximum, beyond the critical, the system most of the material particles are crushed, the stress decreases rapidly, which is a giant fluctuation. It is this kind of giant fluctuation, so that the material within the system from the grain level is more chaotic disorder state, to the grain level for a certain orderly state.
The task of crushing operations is to meet the urgent need of the national economy for quantity and particle size, particle size distribution, dissociation, material structure, surface physical and chemical properties, and so on. In order to meet the increasing demand for the number of crushed products, there has been a large-scale crusher equipment boom, and gradually showed an upward trend. Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial set of anti-crusher and Raymond Mill series in one, to provide customers with comprehensive equipment, configuration more efficient, more convenient to use. State-industry from the new product development and promotion, after-sales service system sound and optimize the full service to customers.