Hydraulic cone crusher background and application range



From the development of the western region, the protection of housing construction, urbanization and other countries a number of 12 second-level planning infrastructure development background, the state-owned industry that research and development of large, efficient, energy-saving and has a strong competitive professional gravel crushed stone new Equipment, from the scale, production capacity, technology and service concept on a higher level, along this direction, this idea perseverance and enterprising development, cone crusher came into being.
In the development plan, Wei Li people clearly aware of the customer to meet the individual requirements of gravel equipment to ensure product diversification, to provide the best overall solution for customers to achieve cost minimization, maximize the benefits of demand and timely Improve the importance of after-sales service and so on.
Hydraulic cone crusher is the state of the industry to absorb Europe and the United States and other advanced technology to build a more advanced equipment, is the perfect combination of professional broken and sieving integration model is a new technology, the full embodiment of the new technology. And more and more metal ore broken, quartz sand production, steel slag processing and other areas of the mainstream equipment. Another hydraulic cone crusher is also the first choice for construction waste disposal, open pit coal mining equipment.
Cone crusher with its unique structural design and superior performance in the field of crushing, has become the current highways, railways, hydropower and other large areas of construction is essential. Crushing operations often according to the size of the feed and discharge size is divided into coarse crushed, broken and crushed, and in addition, because the fine grinding operation of the uniformity of the size of the ore is generally higher than the crushing requirements, cone crusher in the sand Stone production line role can not be ignored.
High-performance hydraulic cone crusher, strong mobility and strong adaptability, reduce the cost of transport materials, flexible combination, whether rough, crushed or sanding operations, can bring unexpected results. Not only can improve the production capacity and crushing efficiency, but also expanded the scope of application, from limestone to basalt, from stone production to a variety of ore broken, efficient completion of a variety of broken, crushed, ultra-fine operation. Is the latest product of the mine construction industry to replace the spring cone crusher and replace the general cone crusher, is the ideal equipment for large stone plants and mining crushing.