How is the cone crusher properly installed?



Cone crusher crushing ratio, high efficiency, low energy consumption, uniform product size, suitable for crushing and crushing all kinds of ore, rock. Because of its many advantages, so in the actual process of gravel, it is a lot of business choice, the following, the state industry to introduce the installation of cone crusher use details, to a certain extent, improve the efficiency of cone crusher :
First, the installation of the general instructions. (1) The number of parts must be counted before installation. Inspection and removal of the parts of the processing surface and thread in the loading and unloading caused by damage, and remove the packaging in the processing surface coated with protective coating and in the handling of dust and dirt and so on. (2) installed in the fixed contact surface coated with dry oil, in the activities of the surface coated with thin oil.
Second, the basis.
(1) crusher must be installed on a solid reinforced concrete foundation, the depth of the user can be based on local geological conditions. (2) the location of the lubrication system and electrical operation, the user can change the location according to the specific environment of the factory, but the order must not change. (3) In order to avoid the accumulation of ore after crushing, the lower part of the foundation must have enough space to install the transport equipment. (4) the factory supply of the base map, only for the construction of the construction to provide screw position, not infrastructure construction plans. (5) for the basis of damage, in the upper part of the need to cover the guard board, the piece by the user-owned.
Third, the installation of the rack.
(1) the installation of the rack should be kept strictly vertical and horizontal, can be in the base of the circular processing surface with a level and hammer to check the center line of the base. (2) When the secondary paddle hardening, the bottom of the crusher and then remove the adjustment of wedge iron, and fill the gap with cement, and then press the rack installation (3) with the adjustment of wedge to adjust the level of the base, Tighten the feet screw to make a second paddle. (4) to maintain the level of the base and vertical, to ensure reliable work of the machine, otherwise it will make copper single-sided contact, grinding eccentric sleeve and cause the seal device is not working properly.
Fourth, the installation of drive shaft
(1) When installing the drive shaft, adjust the gasket between the base and the flange flange of the drive shaft. (2) When removing the drive shaft, use the square head fixing screw on the drive shaft flange, and do not screw on the head screw when the drive shaft is not removed. (3) The amount of axial movement of the transmission gear should be 0.4-0.6mm (that is, the gap between the ends of B). (4) After the drive shaft is loaded, check the dimensions associated with the drive gear.
Fifth, the installation of empty eccentric shaft
(1) When assembling the empty eccentric shaft, the center screw can be used to set the eccentric sleeve into the center hole of the frame body. (2) Before installing the empty eccentric shaft, install the gasket on the bottom cover and cover the bottom of the rack with a hook. Then use the hook to place the lower disc and the disc in sequence. The bottom plate of the raised and bottom cover of the concave card. (3) After the eccentric mandrel is installed, the outer end face of the large and small gear must be aligned and check the gear meshing clearance. For the 1200 crusher gear teeth side is 2.1-2.58mm.
Six, bowl-shaped bearing installation. (1) bowl-shaped bearings before the installation of the preparatory work. A Clear debris in the sump and oil hole. B Check the dust ring and the retaining ring for any damage or deformation. C Check the surface of the processing of any damage, if damaged should be repaired immediately. (2) the installation of bowl-shaped bearings should pay attention to the protection of water pipes, drains, retaining ring, dust ring, so as not to crash when loading. (3) bowl-shaped bearing frame should be tight with the base, and with a ruler to check the level of the close contact surface. (4) bowl-shaped bearings installed immediately after the cover with a bowl-shaped tile cover with a broken cone when the cover to win.
Seven, broken cone installation
(1) Before installing the broken cone, a firm, slightly higher wooden shelf shall be provided in the vicinity as a crushing cone for installation. (2) in the cone shaft surface coated with a layer of yellow dry oil, coated with a layer of thin oil on the spherical surface. (3) broken cone installation to gently into the empty eccentric shaft, the stability of the spherical and bowl-shaped bearing bowl-shaped tile contact to avoid damage to the spherical ring, and as shown in Figure 9 to install. (4) remove the coating on the axis and the ball on the protection of the oil layer, and the wind blows the oil hole and oil groove.
Eight, dust-proof device.
(1) dry oil seal structure and the United States Symons cone crusher the same type of machine the same. Practice shows that this structure is safe and reliable, and eliminates a set of water supply system to reduce management costs. (2) The dustproof device of this machine is dry oil sealed, as shown in Fig. (3) When installed, fill the single chamber with dry oil. Every time the maintenance should be appropriate to add.
If the user in the order, the use of water-sealed device to do dust-proof structure, the user should bring their own as shown in Figure 10-1 water supply system.
(1) Drain pipe close to the water tank, should be set up to facilitate a check of the noisod coating type of water pipe.
(2) The inlet pipe should be provided with a regulating valve.
(3) When the crusher is stopped, it should be able to drain all the water from the dust tank.
Nine, the installation of lubrication devices.
(1) Lubricating device can be installed according to the factory design drawings, but also according to the specific conditions of the local configuration, but the user to determine the configuration diagram and the required pieces are owned by the user. (2) the installation of the lubrication device should be completed before the installation of broken cone, because the lubrication device should be tested first, so when the lubrication has a fault repair and repair are very convenient. (3) the configuration of the lubrication device, must ensure that the lubricating oil return.
Ten, idling test. After the installation of the above parts to be empty load test, check whether the installation is satisfactory, if found inappropriate place, then easy to repair.
(1) Check the tightening of the main connection before starting the crusher. (2) idle test continuous operation of not less than 2 hours. (3) before the start of the crusher should start the pump until the lubrication point to get the oil, see the oil back to the box before you can start the crusher. (4) before starting the hand to climb the transmission, at least the empty eccentric axis rotation 2-3 ring. Think that the phenomenon of flexibility and no frenzy before driving. (5) Crusher idling test must meet the following requirements. (6) If the broken cone speed may soon cause undesirable phenomena, should immediately stop the inspection and dressing, while checking the fuel supply, and then re-test. (7) If the bevel gears have periodic noise, check the correctness of the gear mounting and check the gear clearance.
11, adjust the device, adjust the sleeve, spring installation.
(1) Mount the support sleeve on the rack. (2) twist the locking nut on the support sleeve and align the pin hole into the four pins. (3) Install the funnel and the funnel. (4) Install the dust cover: When installing the dust cover, be sure to adjust the four key blocks of the ring and stuck in the slot of the dust cover. (5) Adjust the working height H of the spring according to the drawing. (6) Rotate the adjustment ring into the support sleeve. (7) will support the sleeve, adjust the ring clean up. Apply a dry oil mixture to the serrated thread and attach the locking cylinder to the interface of the locking cylinder to the interface of the hydraulic station. (8) Install the push cylinder loader, install the push cylinder according to the position shown in Figure 13, push the two ports M and N of the cylinder to the interface M and N of the hydraulic station, respectively. The clamp is placed on the feed section of the pillar, and the beacon interface is connected to the locking cylinder through the fill hose and the four-way connection.
12, the installation of the feed section
(1) Incorrect installation will have the following adverse effects on the crusher. A reduces the yield of the crusher. B row ore grain size is not uniform, large and more. C wear parts wear unevenly or to speed up wear. (2) curved steel plate is used to protect the feed box is not damaged and the ore is not easy to plug in the feed box, the need to maintain the installation of curved steel plate shape and arc steel plate from the edge of the inlet size, ore. (3) The height of the feed pan is important for the normal operation of the crusher. When the H is too high, it is easy to go into the crushing space without dividing the disk. Therefore, it must be installed at the required height.
Thirteen, hydraulic station installation and adjustment test
(1) Crusher hydraulic station on the base of the appropriate location, in order to facilitate the operation, the hydraulic station through the host of the pipeline parts and Chin-tube, according to the actual situation of the appropriate layout. (2) the hydraulic station M, N, P three ports and push the cylinder, respectively, M, N port to lock cylinder P port phase. (3) After the hydraulic station is installed, the test pressure is 140kgf / cm2. (4) locking test. (5) adjustment test: the locking cylinder pressure relief with the cylinder to adjust the discharge port test. (6) made of hydraulic station components well, flexible operation. Figure 16 shows the hydraulic station.
Fourteen, Dutch test. (1) after the idling test qualified before the load test. (2) The load test shall be carried out continuously for two days (allowing for a short period of time). (3) the load test at the beginning of adding a small amount of ore, and then gradually increased to full load. (4) load test must meet the following requirements:
15, crusher work Note: (1) ore must be given in the middle of the distribution disk, as shown in Figure 14, not allowed to direct ore into the crushing chamber. Because it is easy to make the crusher overload, so that liner wear uneven. The correct ore conditions are: a ore distributed through the distribution plate evenly in the crushing chamber. (2) the maximum size of the crusher to the size of the ore, not equal to the size of the ore to the mine, the maximum size of the ore block ≤ 85% to the mine (see Figure 15) Mouth size) otherwise it will lead to: a reduction in crusher production. B crushing some parts of the damage. (3) crusher is not allowed to load start, load start will cause accidents. 4) parking, you must first stop the mine, and let the crushing chamber has been broken into the ore, the crusher to stop. (5) crusher work should always check the pressure of the locking system and the work of the hydraulic station, found that the problem in a timely manner.
Sixteen, crusher production. The output of the crusher is related to the way of feeding, the amount of material to be supplied, the size of the ore discharge, the physical and mechanical properties of the ore, the temperature, etc. The range of the production is given under the specified conditions Throughput.
Seventeen, rolling mortar wall replacement. The mortar wall has a U-shaped screw on the adjustment ring, between the two into the zinc alloy, so that close together, the new installation or replacement of the mortar wall, after 6-8 hours of work, should check the tightening, And tighten the U-shaped screw again.
Eighteen, cone broken wall replacement. Cone crusher is fixed with a conical head on the cone body, between the casting of zinc alloy, the new installation or new replacement of the cone broken wall work 6-8 hours, should check the tightening of the situation and found that loose should immediately Fastening.
Nineteen gear meshing. Due to friction so that the disc wear, affecting the gear gap changes, in order to ensure the normal gear meshing must be added to the bottom cover gasket, the gasket should be equal to the thickness of the disc wear.
Twenty, bowl bearing and sealing device.
When installing a bowl bearing, be careful not to hit the oil ring (which can be supported between the wire rope). Assembly, the support of the spherical surface should be scraping to ensure that the broken cone and bowl-shaped cross-spherical in the outer ring should ensure that the inner ring 0.35-0.5mm ring gap. The bowl-shaped pad is fastened to the bowl-shaped bearing frame with the surrounding pins of the Baalian alloy, which prevents the bowl-shaped bearing from rotating along the circumference. Bowl bearing frame and frame with a key (pin) fixed, if the work found in the bowl-shaped bearing frame and the frame with a gap must be immediately processed.
In order to prevent the rotation of the bushing, and in the upper part of the bushing into the zinc alloy, replace the new bushing should be the actual size of the body frame preparation, in order to prevent the rotation of the bushing, Because the crusher after a long period of work and loading and unloading will inevitably lead to changes in the relationship. If the gap is too large will cause the bushing to break.
Twenty-two, cone-shaped bushing. Cone sleeve and empty eccentric shaft to research together, into the zinc alloy to prevent the taper rotation, zinc alloy to fill the full gap, due to the reasons for the hot zinc alloy may cause deformation of the cone sleeve, so the new cone set to check the size d1, d2 And B should be corrected in a timely manner, the manufacture of spare parts should be set according to the actual size of eccentric sleeve diameter to maintain the original with.
Two three, spring. (1) the role of the spring is when the crusher into the non-broken material to protect the crusher is not damaged, so the spring pressure and crusher crushing force to adapt to the crusher in the normal work of the spring is not moving, The crushing chamber falls into the iron so that the crusher is overloaded to lift the support sleeve when the spring is compressed. (2) crusher upper part of the normal work in the beating, it is not normal phenomenon must be carefully analyzed, the reasons for taking measures to exclude, if the wrong compression spring not only can not work properly, but may damage the parts, because the compression spring Will cause an increase in crushing force.
The above is the state of the cone for the correct installation of the use of a detailed description of the cone, if you have more questions, please consult our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description.