The main position of crusher equipment in heavy calcium processing



Heavy calcium is heavy calcium carbonate, mainly by natural carbonate minerals such as limestone, marble, calcite after grinding from. In industrial production, the tincture of copper according to the different needs of finished products, processed into ordinary heavy calcium powder, ultra-fine tungsten powder, wet grinding superfine calcium carbonate, ultrafine surface modified heavy calcium carbonate.
High calcium milling process is mainly divided into dry production and wet production of two, usually dry production is the most common. The stone from the quarry is first subjected to magnetic separation, and the limestone is crushed by jaw crusher, impact crusher and cone crusher. The limestone is trailed by vertical grinding, trapezium grinding and Raymond grinding. Grinding, a certain degree of fineness of the lime powder grading through the grading, particle size requirements as a product packaging storage, substandard return to the mill again grinding. Wet production process is the first dry powder into the suspension into the mill and then further crushed, dehydrated, dry and then made superfine heavy calcium carbonate.
In the processing of ultra-fine powder of calcium, the state after years of technical precipitation, R \u0026 D production of vertical roller mill, the European version of trapezium mill, over pressure trapezium milling machine, tricyclic medium-speed grinding, Raymond Mill and other equipment Has won a number of national invention patents and national utility model patents, state state industry to provide heavy calcium smelting production line investment province, high efficiency, compared with large complete sets of equipment, investment savings of 60%; low energy consumption, energy consumption Reduce the use of special wear-resistant alloy, long service life. High precision classification, the use of internal grading device, grading wheel unique structure, grading effect is good, no large particles of pollution, in line with national emission standards. Tungsten powder is widely used in artificial tiles, rubber, plastic, paper, paint, paint, ink, cable, construction supplies, food, medicine, textile, feed, toothpaste and other daily chemical industry.
Shibang industry as a large mining machinery and equipment manufacturers, with a full set of ore mining, processing and recycling technology, a variety of equipment configuration based on the demand for stone specifications and production and the use of stone to determine the full range of services for each customer to make The most reasonable and most economical configuration. Mutual benefit and win a good social and economic benefits.