World state heavy industry: European version of jaw crusher embarked on a new journey of environmental protection and energy conservation




In recent years, due to human pursuit of high-speed economic development and ignore the environmental protection of the behavior of our living environment deteriorating. With the deterioration of the environment, global warming, sea level rise, earthquakes, tsunami, etc., humans began to realize their own behavior to the future development of the consequences. Now the world is promoting energy conservation and environmental protection. For a country, the country's development policy, determines the direction of business development. In China, 'second five' period, 'energy saving' slogan once again sounded. With the 'second five' propaganda and implementation of the implementation of the green wind is also rapidly expanding. Mining machinery industry is also responding to national calls, the crusher, sand making, etc. developed by the development of energy conservation and environmental protection goals. CBBC industry as a leader in mining machinery, in response to the call of the party and the state, with practical action to support energy conservation and environmental protection. Production of the European version of jaw crusher, energy efficient crusher, sand making machine, construction waste crusher and other equipment, is widely used in mining and metallurgical industries. Especially in the tailings recycling, the modified new sand machine for tailings sand. Sand making machine excellent performance, coupled with energy saving, is widely used in the major sand and tailings processing production. The state of the European version of the jaw crusher structure is unique, equipped with high chrome plate hammer, a unique counterattack liner; suitable for hard rock broken, efficient energy saving, nesting particle size adjustable, simplified crushing process, and destructive Large, broken high efficiency, product shape was cube, the advantages of selective fragmentation. The machine uses the most advanced crushing technology and manufacturing level, is for the highway, railway, airport runway and other engineering construction stone broken with the development of advanced equipment, the most suitable for crushing compressive strength of not more than 280Mpa of ore, Slag, etc., mainly used for metallurgy, mining, chemical, cement, construction, refractory materials and ceramics and other industrial sectors for the broken and crushed all kinds of hard minerals and rocks. Now, the information technology is so developed, mining machinery manufacturer - state state industry, will also adhering to the 'introduction, going out' development strategy, in absorbing foreign top technical force at the same time, insist on expanding overseas markets, production system Sand machine selling at home and abroad, by the user's favorite. In the future development of the road, the state industry will, as always, stand in the customer's position, all for the purpose of the interests of customers, equipped with reasonable economic equipment, to allow customers to spend money wasted.