Weibang heavy industry jaw crusher economic and environmental advantages of the two gathered



With the rapid development of the world economy, green environmental protection has become the main theme of social development, in the global environment and energy crisis is growing situation, the industry are deeply aware of: repeat the past that high consumption, high pollution, low efficiency Type of development, is not in line with the current situation, while the relevant policies introduced by the state has also increased the high energy consumption and high pollution industry regulation and control, energy saving and economic protection will change the economic development mode occupies an increasingly important position. Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (CBBC) is a large-scale enterprise specializing in the development, production and sales of mining machinery. Since its inception, the company has always adhered to the leading technology and professional experience in the development of the industry. , The responsibility of the development of social development, manufacturing for the future of high quality, environmental protection and energy saving crusher, milling machines and other mining machinery products. State Industries believe that the industry is not concerned about often hidden business opportunities. As has been free to abandon, chaos chaos, not standardized landfill construction waste, is now being more and more investors are concerned about, construction waste crushing and screening equipment also will enter the people's vision.
In fact, the process of building waste regeneration is a process of recycling and recycling of crushed sieves. The scope of application of the product depends on the complexity and composition of the broken material itself. The crushing itself does not make any characteristic of the material and hence its meaning On the 'treasure'. In the state industry engineers, construction waste comprehensive utilization of the main economic benefits are as follows: First, the cost of recycled raw materials to reduce the cost of raw materials, renewable products is the country's tax relief, the third is the significant significance of environmental protection and thus The potential value of the fourth, the local government's financial subsidies, five garbage charges.
The process of the construction waste is a physical analysis process, through the physical role of its rupture analysis, so as to meet the requirements of the use of particle size and specifications. The main crushing principle for the laminated and impact of two. The most used construction waste on the market today is the jaw crusher. In recent years, the state of jaw crusher manufacturing and manufacturing technology continues to progress, the company's new jaw crusher building materials production technology convergence construction waste disposal industry, the construction waste economy, rational and scientific separation into a variety of building materials Integrated products of raw materials, and then with the new building materials production technology convergence, to produce high value-added products. Jaw crusher can be made directly into the construction of coarse aggregate and soil, which has since solved the problem of building waste accumulation, with coarse aggregate to replace the natural gravel, made of concrete, recycled brick and ancient brick. This will reduce the construction waste and other solid waste pollution of the environment, but also save the natural mineral resources, truly waste recycling, but also to promote the social modernization.
Construction waste is broken