Ring hammer crusher - the coal industry to achieve low-carbon production tool



The same time as the above-

According to the notice issued by the National Energy Administration on the elimination of backward production capacity in the coal industry in 2012, the notice pointed out that 2012 will continue to eliminate coal production capacity, reduce the number of small coal, expand and ensure that large coal enterprises in the industry In the dominant position, the reform is the most important in the elimination of the same time while ensuring coal production, therefore, the use of modern coal mining equipment without delay.


At present, China's coal preparation equipment technology mostly lower than the international advanced level, equipment, traditional, low processing capacity. Shanghai is a professional manufacturer of mining machinery and equipment, since its inception has been the eternal theme of technological innovation is the development of enterprises. Recalling the company 15 years of development history, is a history of scientific and technological innovation, is a continuous development, perseverance, the history of innovation. China's coal enterprises compared with foreign countries, the biggest weakness is the small workshop-style production, and this mode of production is caused by the effect of old and backward mining equipment, a serious waste of resources, etc., to the overall development of China's coal industry has brought great The resistance.


Coal enterprises need to save, low-carbon development, because the coal is not only mixed with a lot of impurities, and the quality of coal is also different, need to be separated. Coal can be removed from the coal in the coal gangue, dust, take off part of the sulfur element. The amount of coal washing processing continues to increase the trend, so to further improve and improve the coal preparation effect is an urgent problem to be solved. Coal washing industry must actively take measures to reform and innovate, improve the process, develop and adopt new, efficient and high-yield crushing and washing equipment to improve the professional level of coal preparation plant production.


In recent years, a new type of high efficiency and energy saving has become the 'darling' of the coal washing industry. It is called the special crusher for the coal industry. The ring hammer crusher developed by Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial is more technically dominant. Machine can be different according to the different characteristics of coal in different areas to change the gap between the castor, which can be achieved fine and uniform material, the crushing efficiency of the purpose of a substantial increase. At the same time, ring hammer crusher hammer selection of high chromium alloy material, high wear resistance, life than the same quality high manganese steel hammer or forging hammer can improve 4 times. This ring hammer can really achieve the efficient crushing of raw coal operations, a strong impetus to the coal preparation plant specialized production.