Deal with the changing economic situation Crusher industry point to energy - saving building materials



By the global financial crisis, the world economy has entered a period of slow adjustment, the development of China's crusher industry is also very unsatisfactory. Another large number of crusher manufacturers compete for only the market caused by fierce competition, and the new crusher equipment accounted for the overall low market share. Therefore, innovation to find a new market, crusher manufacturers to become the primary task.
During the 12th Five-Year Plan period, the state has given the building materials industry strong support, focusing on the development of new, energy saving, environmental protection as the mainstream of building materials, building and building materials industry to reduce carbon emissions, strengthen the application and promotion of new technologies. This initiative will drive the crusher, sand making machine equipment to enhance the technological content, expand the crusher industry, low-carbon market space. Coupled with the strong support of the country to promote the 'green economy', and vigorously transform the building materials technology to major technological breakthroughs and development needs as the basis, to promote the emerging technology and emerging building materials industry in-depth integration. Investors on the emerging building materials industry investment mining, optimistic about the future development of energy-saving emission reduction industry space, and vigorously invest in green building materials industry, but also the future building materials industry will be an important factor in rapid development.
The state encourages the development of energy-saving building materials industry, but also increased the adjustment of mining machinery, strengthen energy-saving emission reduction, efficient and environmentally friendly crusher equipment technology, crusher industry will become the future direction. In order to face the strong momentum of building materials industry, Shanghai Shi Bang industry focus on product quality and technology upgrading, optimize the product and accessories structure, the use of long life, low energy consumption and easy operation of the design principles, the production of crusher equipment are dust, Low noise, low energy consumption and other characteristics, and in the most economical form to maximize the work efficiency. To achieve technology and product innovation, to create a unique product differentiation, enhance the core competitiveness, and ultimately obtain a large area of ​​market share.
According to industry experts estimate that by the end of 2020, building energy efficiency and new building insulation energy market space totaling about 5 trillion yuan, the new material industry is expected to grow at a rate of more than 20%, the development of a huge space. Crusher industry should firmly grasp the opportunity to provide reliable quality of environmentally friendly energy-saving equipment on the basis of enhanced equipment automation, low carbon characteristics, build crusher industry long-term development path.
Shanghai Shi Bang industry as a professional manufacturer of crusher, always adhere to independent innovation, improve the level of production technology, production of high quality and efficient products to speed up the replacement frequency, active in the forefront of the crusher industry. To create excellent quality, cast the world brand, focus on high-tech research and development and the introduction of talents, open crusher industry market. Promote China's crusher industry to go abroad, to the world.