The conical crusher makes the tailings return to the tide of economic development



Cone crusher use a wide range, especially in the ultra-fine broken hard rock, ore, slag, refractory materials. Cone crusher by the frame, adjust the device, adjust the sleeve, broken cone, transmission and eccentric sets and other major parts and electrical, lubrication and other auxiliary components. The machine is divided into three types: crushing crusher (coarse broken), middle crusher crusher (broken) and crushing cone crusher (fine broken), cone crusher, suitable for crushing medium hardness of various minerals and rock. The type of crushing chamber is determined by the use of ore, the standard type used in the broken; medium cone crusher for crushing; short head type for crushing.
For a long time, due to limited technology, limited level of knowledge, management backward, extensive development and other reasons, China's comprehensive utilization of mining resources is low, in addition to the target mine, other recyclable associated minerals and non-metallic minerals are mostly discharged to the tailings Among them. Coupled with the limitations of China's geological conditions, symbiotic minerals, the past for a long time due to the multi-element recovery of tailings metal equipment, can only recover a single metal element, and the remaining elements mixed into the tailings were abandoned, resulting in a large number of tailings land. Over time, it formed a 'artificial deposit' or even 'artificial mineral group'.
China's mineral resources consumption increased significantly, mineral resources, supply and demand intensified and the international mineral prices continue to rise today, we must make full use of the tailings of this hidden wealth. At the same time, tailings re-use is also the development of mining circular economy, building a resource-saving environment-friendly society an important part. If you develop a comprehensive recovery of tailings in a variety of useful metal elements of the equipment, not only can save ore production costs and crushing grinding costs, but also the cost of recycled metal elements to the lowest point.
Shanghai CS Bang industrial research and development of the CS series cone crusher, VSI5X centrifugal impact crusher and MTW European version of the trapezium mill and other equipment for the tailings of the recycling treatment, with a large capacity, high recovery rate of significant advantages. Among them, CS series cone crusher through the cavity type optimization design and the use of reasonable speed and stroke combination, so that the model in the same dynamic cone diameter in the case of doing the most. Therefore, compared with the same type of cone crusher, with higher performance and production capacity. VSI5X centrifugal impact crusher set crushing, shaping and sanding three broken mode in one, has become the manufacturers of tailings recycling processing of the core equipment.
Through the high quality and efficient tailings recycling equipment, the tailings back to the tide of economic development, continue to make it glowing world state research and development team will work with you to contribute to the construction of green mine.