Basalt into the industry's new favorite crusher will show their skills




In recent years, with the urbanization process and infrastructure construction vigorously carried out, the demand for basalt raw materials more vigorous, basalt investment prospects have become very clear, while its production needs to crusher, sand making machine, milling machine Mining machinery and equipment to provide more opportunities for development. Basalt is a basic volcanic rock, is a volcanic eruption of the magma in the surface cooling and solidification of the formation of a dense or foam-like structure of the rock. Basalt is the main mineral composition of feldspar and pyroxene, the secondary mineral composition of olivine, amphibole and biotite, etc., the rocks are dark, usually black, mostly plaque structure, stomatal structure and almond structure in general. It is based on the special form of formation and composition, basalt has become the production of 'cast stone' and highways, railways and airport runway and other construction materials with a good aggregate aggregate.


Basalt has been generally recognized as the best material for the construction of highways, railways and airport runways due to its strong resistance to compression, low crushing value, strong corrosion resistance and good adhesion of asphalt. Not only that, basalt or high-rise building lightweight concrete quality aggregate, because of its stomatal and hard characteristics, will be blended in the concrete, you can make the weight of concrete to reduce, but without losing the solid, but also has sound insulation, Insulation, etc., favored by the major building materials market.


Crusher in the basalt turned high-quality gravel aggregate and concrete aggregate in the process of a huge role. It can be large, hard basalt broken into aggregate particles, and then applied to the production of building materials. Shanghai Shi Bang industry is the largest and most powerful manufacturer of crusher, its research and development of jaw crusher, European version of jaw crusher, impact crusher, the European version of the impact crusher, cone crusher, Impact crusher and other equipment advanced technology, full-featured, high efficiency, high yield, and production of finished gravel granules perfect, good quality, is the processing of basalt special equipment, while granite, marble, limestone, pebbles, river Pebbles, illite, pyrophyllite, quartz stone, iron ore, non-ferrous metal ore and other rocks and minerals in the crushed, broken, crushed and ultra-fine areas have extraordinary performance.


Weibang industry knows that in order to be developed in a highly competitive industry, we must rely on superb technology and perfect service system. The people of the world have been committed to this cause and have been developed in its predecessor. And strive to make the industry the best, and to promote the progress of China's machinery industry and work.