Shibang heavy industry crushing equipment to coordinate economic and environmental relations



The same time as the above-

With the expansion of the world population, the intensification of human large-scale construction activities, resources, energy shortages, serious environmental damage, deterioration of ecological environment and extinction of species have posed a great threat to human survival and development. In the field of engineering construction, due to the huge amount of cement-based materials, human beings will face a serious challenge of resources and the environment. Therefore, the development of green ecological cement concrete material is the best choice for humans. The development of green building sand is an important part of the development of green ecological cement concrete.


Building sand is widely used in masonry, plaster, repair, grouting and paste the finishes and other materials, is the construction of large quantities of one of the building materials. The development of green building sand proposed the use of advanced high efficiency and low consumption of playing sand machinery and equipment on slag and other solid waste deep processing, it is possible to replace Portland cement and lime to prepare most of the building sand, the cement and cement mixed sand unified Mortar. Sand production is less and less, China's large-scale construction and urban construction, the demand for sand has increased year by year, many places have emerged sand resource depletion phenomenon. So for the mortar to seek green alternative aggregate resources, is imperative.


In recent years, the rapid development of artificial sand and gravel, China has an annual output of millions of tons of sand and gravel mechanized production line hundreds, of which dozens of production lines from abroad. Domestic and foreign manufacturing artificial sand and gravel production equipment has dozens of enterprises. Mining machinery and equipment manufacturers Shi Bang industry focus on machine (sand machine) sanding machinery and equipment research and development, has introduced through the impact of crusher equipment, efficient vertical shaft impact crusher, high efficiency centrifugal impact crusher, impact crusher, from The use of high-temperature materials, bearings, spindles, hydraulic devices are used in Japan, Sweden, the United States, and so on. The use of high-temperature materials, bearings, International brand. Mainly used for metal ore crushing, quartz sand production, steel slag processing and other fields, for highways, highways, high-rise buildings, municipal engineering, hydropower dam construction, port terminals, concrete mixing stations to provide the best quality aggregate, Gravel aggregate mining, but also consume a lot of natural resources, the system of sand production process is not refined and standardized, the need for government and industry associations to strengthen planning, standardized management, the establishment of industry production access system, the establishment of a stable Large - scale production enterprises.