Mining machinery industry development and innovation inseparable



At present, China's mining machinery industry is relatively weak technology base, the mining machinery industry to market for technology to improve product technology to improve the level of the main way, but also to face foreign competitors in China to set up factories in the grim situation. Experts suggest that China's mining machinery industry to seize the opportunity to accelerate the development, must be in science and technology development, independent innovation efforts.
At present, China's mining machinery industry there are two aspects of the problem: First, the mining machinery industry, the overall strength is not strong, most enterprises in scientific research, new product development, technological transformation and enterprise management and other aspects of energy and capital investment are in a standstill. Resulting in China's mining machinery manufacturing enterprises output growth rate and profit growth rate is not commensurate. Second, product variety, technology, quality, service and other aspects of the problem, leading to the domestic mining machinery industry on the mine's actual contribution rate is low. Domestic equipment, especially high-tech equipment, such as full-face boring machine, mining vehicles, excavators, crushers, and imported equipment, there is a big gap.
From the above analysis, the paper puts forward the main ways to improve the innovation ability of the mining machinery industry. First, the mining machinery manufacturing industry should adopt different forms of joint establishment with foreign companies and domestic professional design institutes, including the formation of the group, the consortium, the introduction of technology, the introduction Talent, etc., at least for a project to take a joint design approach, the first intervention and then improve, so that a win-win situation. Second, as soon as possible to establish and improve the advantages of professional application of the laboratory, the product, manufacturing process application technology research. Laboratory should be high starting, based on practical; including test theory and methods, test equipment and scale, as well as control and detection technology, if necessary, should introduce advanced foreign technology.
In order to promote the good development of mining machinery, enterprise equipment from low-end products to high-end products continue to change from the representative of the mining machinery innovation also see the current state of the world can be described as the ultimate play. CBBC industry in the continuous improvement of their own advantages of products at the same time, but also actively make enterprises superior equipment to the development of large models of equipment, such as jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher, the European version of crusher. CBBC has always believed that no matter how the economic situation, enterprises want to get rid of economic difficulties only innovation, industry leaders should pay attention to innovation.