Shibang heavy industry crusher for the construction of Zhengzhou subway




Zhengzhou is an important hub of the national railway, in the national economic development occupies an important position. Zhengzhou subway construction has a multiplier effect on the whole social economy, Zhengzhou City in recent years has also accelerated the pace of the subway, since the Zhengzhou subway program since the Zhengzhou subway construction to be carried out in full swing so far. In Shanghai Shi Bang Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state state of industry) It seems that the hot construction of the scene makes the growing demand for aggregate, to the mining machinery industry is the expansion of the crusher equipment market.


In the subway construction process, the large-scale application of shield on the subway segment made a high standard requirements. As an important cement prefabricator in shield construction, shield segment is the main assembly component of shield construction. It is the outermost barrier of tunnel, and it is responsible for resisting soil pressure, groundwater pressure and some special load. Shield segment quality is directly related to the overall quality and safety of the tunnel, which directly affects the waterproof performance and durability of the tunnel. It can be said that the production quality of the segment is to ensure the quality of shield tunnel structure and engineering durability, the source of security. The shield tunneling the quality of good or bad, largely depends on the quality of the production of shield segments of the pros and cons. So in the subway construction process of the shield pipe production process of quality control, should be more attention.


The raw materials used in the segments mainly include concrete, steel and embedded materials. Zhengzhou subway comprehensive laying project started, will increase the cement, aggregate and other mineral demand, and the choice of raw materials is excellent and efficient on the future of the subway safety have a great impact. In order to obtain high-quality aggregate and high-performance concrete, high-quality gravel (such as crusher, sand making machine, sand washing machine and other gravel production line equipment) is an inevitable choice. As the leading manufacturer of domestic crusher industry, the state of R \u0026 D and manufacturing crusher, sand making machine and milling machine and other gravel equipment quality, high technology and low carbon environmental protection, is the majority of concrete manufacturers preferred equipment manufacturers. At present, with the increase in the pace of Zhengzhou subway construction, crusher production efficiency and quantity demand is gradually increased, which also contributed to the development of the state of industrial crusher. World state industry will be based on a strong scientific research team, pioneering and innovative, aimed at the forefront of the industry's technology, and continuously improve the overall scientific and technological innovation capacity to seize this opportunity to flourish.


The future of the subway construction, highway construction or high-speed rail construction can not be separated from the use of a large number of aggregate and concrete aggregate, we believe that in these projects can be seen in the state of industrial crusher figure. State-owned industry will also rely on more than 10 years of research and development experience, take the subway construction of the east wind broken waves, in the new era of new development and new breakthrough!