Mine machinery and equipment to improve their own grasp of development opportunities



At present, with the development of China's infrastructure and the development of the western region, as well as the construction of the Central Plains Economic Zone triggered a large number of demand for crushing machinery, mining machinery industry will usher in a great opportunity for development. Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial is a specialized research and development of various types of crusher well-known enterprises, the existing products have energy-saving emission reduction, easy operation and so on. There are mainly impact crusher, cone crusher, European version of jaw crusher, roller crusher and so on. In the future period, the company will seize the opportunity to speed up the pace of intelligent crusher technology research and development, access to dynamic support and promote the long-term development of enterprises and industries. Mining machinery is specialized in the production of various mining machinery and mining machinery industry, but because of economic development and consumption of the increase in demand and considerable profits is the influx of many enterprises in this industry. However, the increase in the number of enterprises is the target market is dispersed, a lot of profit margins shrunk, so that manufacturers are often based on the original machinery and equipment on the market to copy production, rather than innovative technology and enhance the technological content. The emergence of a new product on the market soon to be copied and copied, the influx of foreign products and competitive pressures.
China's mining machinery and equipment will face a new round of industry demand, especially drilling, field prospecting and many other equipment. More and more mines began to use mechanized operations to enhance the mining rate of mining to eliminate security risks. In the coal, copper, zinc and other mine mechanization has been greatly enhanced, so that the market capacity of mining machinery and equipment greatly enhanced. Mine machinery in the computer technology, network technology and other multi-disciplinary integrated support, for economic construction, driven by market demand, in the harmonious development of mankind and nature, mining machinery has been toward the digital, intelligent, ecological and pleasant The direction of development.
CBBL believes that the development of enterprises can not be separated from the policy support, the government should actively guide enterprises to actively grasp and respond to the new government policies and industry support policies. Faced with such a huge international market, but also face such a huge competitive pressure, mining machinery and equipment industry should increase independent innovation, the establishment of core competitiveness, establish a patent and brand image. The face of mining machinery presents the intelligent, large-scale new features, Shanghai Shi Bang industry will continue to innovate, pay attention to the intelligent crusher equipment production research and development, and strive to product energy-saving emission reduction and intelligent perfect integration for the majority Customers provide more high quality and efficient equipment.