Introduction to Structural Characteristics of Vertical Shock Crusher



Vertical impact crusher is a more common one, it consists of feed hopper, sub-feeder, vortex crushing chamber, the wheel body, spindle assembly, base, transmission and motor and other seven parts. Here, the state state industry to come to a specific introduction:
One, into the hopper. The structure of the hopper is an inverted prism body (or cylinder), the feed port is provided with a wear ring, and the incoming material from the feeding device enters the crusher through the hopper.
Second, the distributor. The dispenser is mounted on the upper part of the whirling chamber, and the function of the dispenser is to divert the material from the hopper so that a portion of the material enters the impeller directly through the center inlet tube and is gradually accelerated to a higher speed. Part of the material from the center of the feed tube on the outside, bypass into the whirlpool crushing chamber outside the impeller, from the impeller out of the high-speed material impact crushing, without increasing power consumption, increase production capacity and improve crushing efficiency.
Three, vortex broken cavity. The structure of the vortex crushing chamber is the annular space composed of the upper and lower two cylinders. The impeller rotates at high speed in the vortex crushing chamber, and the material can be lined in the vortex crushing chamber to form the material lining and the material crushing process Occurs in the vortex crushing chamber, the material lining will be broken by the broken structure of the broken cavity wall, so that the crushing effect is limited to between the material, play a role in wear-resistant lining. The observation hole is to observe the wear of the wear block at the launch port of the impeller flow path and the wear of the top liner of the vortex crushing chamber. The working hole must be closed when the crusher is working. The distributor is fixed in the upper cylindrical section of the whirling chamber. Impeller high-speed rotation to produce air flow in the vortex crushing chamber through the feeder, the impeller to form an internal self-circulation system.
Four impeller Impeller structure A hollow cylinder made of special material, mounted on the spindle head of the spindle assembly, with a conical sleeve and a key to connect the transfer button distance, high speed rotation, impeller is the key component of the HX vertical impact crusher. The material enters the center of the impeller from the center inlet of the upper part of the impeller. By the impeller center of the material cone to the material evenly distributed to the impeller of the various flow path, in the launch channel outlet, the installation of special materials made of wear-resistant block, can be replaced. Impeller to accelerate the material to 60-75m / s speed out of the impact to the whirlpool crushing chamber of the material lining, a strong self-crushing, between the cone and wear block with the upper and lower runner board, protection Impeller is not worn.
If you would like to know more vertical impact crusher, please consult our customer service, we will give you a more detailed description of the vertical impact crusher.