Shibang Heavy Industries on the roller crusher to become the preferred equipment for the sand industry



With the rapid development of China's infrastructure, the number of very limited natural sand has been unable to meet the requirements of artificial sand will play an increasingly important role, has become the first choice for the construction of sand. With the increasing demand for artificial sand market, will inevitably lead to crusher, sand and other mining machinery and equipment, a large number of demand. While users of the equipment requirements will be higher and higher. At present, in China crusher equipment manufacturing industry, has emerged, including professional crushing machinery manufacturers Shi Bang industry, including a large number of manufacturers.
CBBC industry believes that the current domestic crushing machinery independent innovation capability or can not quickly adapt to the needs of structural upgrading. Previously, China's crushing machinery industry's product upgrades mainly rely on the introduction of technology, but with the narrowing of the gap, the future continue to rely on the introduction of technology to achieve product upgrades more and more difficult, it should be foothold to independent innovation, continue to find problems, Suitable crusher equipment. In recent years, the machinery industry processing equipment renovation achievements significantly, and research and development conditions are not greatly improved. As a result of long-term rely on the introduction of technology, sand molding machine independent innovation experience and talent cultivation seriously lagging behind. So the crusher and other mining machinery and equipment development in the premise of doing the quality, research and development of new performance, to produce both the size, shape, uniformity of the more high quality sand is the key.
Second, for the time being artificial sand as an important building materials more and more people's attention, but the active promotion and development of artificial sand must be based on the premise of quality assurance, so as to ensure the quality of the building safety. Third China's construction industry should take the road of sustainable development, the use of tailings production of artificial sand, both to meet environmental protection requirements, but also have huge economic and social benefits. The majority of scholars should focus on waste concrete and other construction waste research and application, to produce a comprehensive performance of artificial sand.
The state-owned R \u0026 D-made roller crusher has low investment costs and has become the most economical sand making equipment. For roller crushers, reducing the energy consumption of the roller crusher, to achieve energy-saving emission reduction is critical. Many domestic mining machinery companies are trying to improve the research and development of roller crusher technology to promote the upgrading of the roller crusher products, the state industry in the energy of the roller crusher has a great deal as its production of roller crusher equipment not only volume Small, broken than large, low noise, and energy consumption reduced by 30%, the production of sand and gravel aggregate uniform size, to solve the problem of low crushing rate. At present, in Guizhou, Hunan, Shandong and other regions, there are many gravel field gravel production line equipment configuration, the production process is relatively simple, in these areas, the roller crusher has been widely used, and give users a good economy benefit.
Shibang industrial production of the impact crusher, jaw crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher, crusher, new sand making machines and other equipment have been using international leading technology for product and equipment replacement, combined with years To pay attention to the experience of energy saving and environmental protection, from the practice of mining crushing machinery industry in the low carbon road should pay attention to two aspects: First, with advanced technology, energy conservation and recycling throughout the entire production process ; Second is to fully realize the sustainable development of mining, so that environmental protection to be effective. At the same time, the state industry advocate crusher industry are trying to practice the concept of energy conservation and action, only more enterprises to reach a consensus in order to achieve a wider range and deeper to achieve energy conservation and environmental protection, and thus affect the global The future development of the environment, energy and other major issues have a positive and far-reaching impact.
With the rapid development of China's industry, the rapid rise of mining enterprises, a large number of mining equipment machinery factory also appeared, to bring great impact on economic development, but also to the environment has brought tremendous impact. Now the low carbon economy has become the trend of global economic development, the impact of China's mining machinery industry is also very far-reaching. In the state industry seems that this will be a good opportunity to break the machinery industry, the future low-cost efficient crusher, sand and other products will gradually occupy a more important position in the industry.