Increased production efficiency of coal breaking technology in Shibang Heavy Industry Superfine Crusher



Coal is an important resource for the construction of the country, the coal industry to integrate resources, the use of large-scale machines to improve the production of coal for the national industrial construction to do a good job of raw material protection. Is the first step in the efficient use of coal resources, in order to achieve maximum utilization of resources, the state through years of research and experiment launched the most scientific and effective coal crusher on the market, such as ring hammer crusher , Roller crusher, reversible hammer crusher, etc., efficient production and energy saving and environmental protection so many coal enterprises widely praised.
According to the basic view of mechanics, in order to break the material, it is necessary to make the stress generated within the material more than its crushing strength. The crushing mode and the rupture route depend on the nature of the material and the shape and structure of the particles, and also on the method and rate of the addition. The loading method controls the stress that induces the expansion of the internal cracks in the particles. For optimized crushing. Comminuted rupture is the most favorable. This is the case when the energy applied to the particles greatly exceeds the energy required for the crack. Such conditions will cause the cracks to grow and fork quickly, so. To increase the area of ​​particles that are subject to excessive stress at the same time. Resulting in a wide range of particles with a wide range of particle sizes. In the case of rapid loading (such as high-speed impact) under the conditions of crushing usually occurs. That is, the particles at the maximum particle size around the impact point are reduced. According to existing theory. When the energy is insufficient to cause the particles to break. Will produce the finest particles around the impact point; because the applied stress has only applied to the local nature and the ultrafine grinding requires high energy. And the efficiency of the seed treatment method is relatively low.
With the development of ultra-fine crusher coal technology, one of the potential uses of the discipline is the crushing of materials, because coal is an irreplaceable energy, Shanghai Shi Bang industry to build the ultra-fine powder coal equipment, Ultra-fine grinding, thereby enhancing its efficiency, energy conservation, environmental protection. To create a differentiated products, and through the positioning of a clear R \u0026 D system, product target customer base and market growth point, improve market share.