Crusher industry to develop technological innovation is the key



The same time as the above-

After decades of development, China's crusher industry gradually mature and mature. According to the development of China's industrial industry in recent years, the mine machinery crusher industry has become an important industry in the process of industrialization. It has obvious industrial development characteristics with high technological content, large industrial correlation and large scale economic effect. And with the infrastructure boom, the industrialization process, the western development projects such as the rapid development of the market opened the crusher industry, the prospects can be described as very broad. But the big but not strong crusher industry in the process of moving towards internationalization, faced with technological innovation and brand building obstacles. Therefore, the positive and independent innovation, strengthen the quality of management, improve core competitiveness, in order to eventually achieve a new breakthrough in the domestic crusher industry.


With the development of China's economy in recent years, in the face of the above constraints of the crusher industry, the state of the industry to actively introduce advanced technology and talents to enhance the technological content of products, adhere to independent research and development of low energy consumption, less dust, high utilization Of the crusher equipment, casting high-end world brand. On the one hand to increase efforts to promote the transformation and upgrading of enterprises, on the other hand, strengthen the strong combination between the effect of enterprises, so that the crusher industry out of an international development path. China's crusher industry strength has been continuously reduced, narrowing the gap between the technical level and energy level of developed countries, fierce market competition, plus foreign use of leading technology and market share of the pressure, greatly stimulated the crusher industry, technological innovation Transformation and upgrading of the urgent task, such as speed up the internal structure of the crusher industry, the occupation of international scientific and technological innovation heights, grasp the strategic emerging industry discourse, consciously use high-tech to enhance product performance, innovation and research and development to achieve new breakthroughs.


In recent years, China in order to support the development of industry through direct or indirect policy to guide the crusher industry development model changes. Promote the real economy, promote equipment manufacturing industry, a good atmosphere of independent innovation, and further build support equipment manufacturing industry independent innovation policy system. Shanghai Shi Bang Industrial in the perfect policy system support, increasing investment in science and technology, to high-tech, high-quality, high performance, high life and other direction of development, strengthen the wire tube industry and crusher industry reasonable docking, reduce industry The risk of innovation for the crusher industry to provide a favorable space for independent innovation and development.


Technological innovation