Application of Shibao Heavy Industry: Crushing Series Equipment in Blast Furnace Slag Utilization




China has long been the world's largest steel production. In 2004, China's crude steel production has reached 272 million tons, accounting for global steel output of 1.05 billion tons of 25.8%. Since 1996 China's crude steel production breakthrough 100 million tons, China's steel production has been rapid growth. In 2003, China's steel production exceeded 200 million tons, becoming the only country in the world with more than 200 million tons of steel. With the rapid development of China's steel industry, raw material tension, resource overdraft, environmental pollution and waste of resources and other issues are also highlighted, the healthy development of China's steel industry had a significant impact.
Blast furnace slag is in the blast furnace ironmaking process of an industrial solid waste, also known as blast furnace slag, can be divided into steel slag, cast iron slag, ferromanganese slag and so on. With the rapid development of blast furnace slag, and milling equipment has become an indispensable equipment for its development. After the mid-20th century, the comprehensive utilization of blast furnace slag developed rapidly. The current society is a resourceful, green society, the rapid development of blast furnace slag not only reduces the national waste pollution and the occupation of land, but also make the resources are fully utilized.
The slag crushed stone is a kind of gravel material which is obtained by digging, crushing, magnetic separation and sieving after the slagging of the blast furnace slag or slagging in the designated slag or slag to form a relatively dense slag. Hot lash method and embankment method, slag crushed stone in China can replace natural stone for highway, airport, foundation engineering, railway road slag, concrete aggregate and asphalt pavement.
In the full use of resources to achieve sustainable development under the premise. Shanghai Shi Bang Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. developed and specifically suitable for such as blast furnace slag in the hard and abrasive weak brittle materials, and can be adjusted according to the requirements of the bar gap, change the material size, to meet the different uses of materials Claim. In the past two decades of precipitation and technology accumulation process, to ensure a leading position in the industry. Blast furnace slag of the primary crushing, crushing and grinding process, professional, warm, open, honest world can provide the most dedicated service to help China's steel industry sound and fast development!