Strong state of ultra-fine milling machine: always follow the low-carbon economy, environmental protection policy



Low-carbon economy is based on low energy consumption, low pollution, low emission-based economic model, but the mill industry belongs to heavy industry, especially China's mill production scale to small and medium-sized enterprises, technological backwardness caused by low labor productivity , High energy consumption, pollution of the environment, low-cost vicious competition and a series of problems, which has become a long period of trouble in China's mill industry development of a major problem. Now the power is our work and life is essential resources, China's large population, power consumption is relatively more, especially industrial electricity, energy consumption is huge. Electric power for our work and life has brought convenience at the same time, the power plant emissions of the environment also caused great pollution. In order to protect the environment, many power plants are now using limestone grinding machine desulfurization method, the exhaust gas in the sulfur dioxide out, to reduce environmental pollution.
As the largest sulfur industry emissions of major industries, thermal power plants and steel mills are the focus of the national remediation industry. In recent years, with the continuous strengthening of China's air pollution control, the control of sulfur dioxide emissions from coal-fired flue gas is becoming more and more stringent. According to China's power plant flue gas emissions of sulfur dioxide emissions control requirements, the new power plant production must meet the national standards for sulfur dioxide emissions. The most convenient way for a power plant to reach this national standard is to use limestone desulfurization. Limestone desulfurization is the most widely used in desulphurization of power plants. Pulverized coal and limestone are fully ground using a mill, and then the two are mixed and burned to remove sulfur from coal. Of course, the finer the powder, the more can be fully burned, the higher the efficiency of desulfurization.
The state of ultra-fine milling machine is the company's introduction of foreign advanced grinding technology, ultra-fine crushing is nearly 20 years to develop a high-tech, raw materials can be added into a micron or even nano-powder, In all walks of life has been widely used. In view of the crushing of traditional Chinese medicine production and application of basic processing technology, ultra-fine grinding has attracted more and more attention, with the prospects. After years of painstaking research and development of new, efficient, energy-efficient high-quality milling equipment, pollution-free, dust removal effect fully meet the national standard, is the world's advanced power plants, steel blast furnace desulfurization grinding system, has been widely used In the major power plant desulfurization and steel desulfurization work.
The state more and more attention to the protection of the environment, environmental protection, the word has long run through each of our minds, as a leading manufacturer of milling machine, state state industry will continue to actively respond to national policies, the concept of environmental protection to the equipment Of the R \u0026 D, to provide consumers with environmentally friendly products for the country to contribute to environmental protection. Environmental protection embodies a corporate social responsibility. State-owned industry since its inception has been adhering to the community, do the principle of public welfare, with their own practical actions to show the consumer, the sense of responsibility to society. Social responsibility for the state industry is concerned, is the development of enterprises in the lubricant.