The extensive application of crusher in the processing of building materials



Bentonite is a very valuable, multi-purpose non-metallic minerals, enjoy the 'universal' clay said. Bentonite and its processed products have excellent process performance, such as dispersion, thixotropy, rheology, adsorption, swelling, plasticity, adhesion, cation exchange, etc., can be used as binder, suspending agent, thixotropic Additives, plasticizers, thickeners, lubricants, flocculants, stabilizer catalysts, decontamination, clarifying agents, fillers, adsorbents, chemical carriers and the like, natural bentonite need to be processed by crusher equipment, processed Bentonite is widely used in petroleum, metallurgy, chemical, casting, construction, plastics, rubber, paint, light industry, environmental protection and so on. The use of montmorillonite lamellar crystal structure and interlayer nanometer scale polymer intercalation and in situ polymerization technology is one of the main production methods of high strength and high performance nano-plastic or nano-polymer materials, and has good prospects for development. Although the use of swelling is very wide, but the most important and the largest amount of metallurgy, casting and drilling mud three areas, accounting for about 75% of the total amount of bentonite, other applications accounted for about 25%.
Inorganic bentonite can be used in architectural coatings, which can increase the consistency of the coating and also act as a suspension and anti-settling effect and the exchange of organic ions in organic bentonite and organic matter in the coating produces irreversible montmorillonite complexes , Dehydrated into a hydrophobic substance, can increase the water resistance of the coating. Organic bentonite as anti-settling agent and thickener. Natural organic bentonite organic, can change the silicate surface of the microenvironment, increase the content of organic matter in minerals, bentonite this lipophilicity has been widely used in industrial, agricultural and construction projects. Natural bentonite processing needs to be processed by a bentonite crusher.
CBBC Industries has developed a series of crushers related to materials based on the types of crushed materials. The crusher specialists absorb advanced technology of sand and gravel industry at home and abroad, and combine the development of various materials processing needs on the market. Bentonite crusher is the latest generation of impact crusher improved. Compared with the traditional hammer crusher, bentonite impact crusher can make full use of the high impact energy of the rotor, the crushing ratio is bigger, the structure is simple, the volume is small, the most important is the energy consumption is small, the product granularity is uniform, , Broken or crushed limestone, dolomite, quartz, gypsum, iron sulfide ore, coal, calcium carbide and chemical raw materials such as the hardness of the following brittle materials, is very promising market crusher equipment.