Strengthening the Core Competitiveness of Weibang Heavy Industry to Promote the Development of Mine Machinery Industry



Mining machinery industry as a pillar industry of the national economy, in China's economic construction and social development occupies an important position. In the face of the external economic winter, the machinery industry decline, the Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. (referred to as the state state of industry) that the mining machinery industry's top priority is to understand how to market demand for production, configuration resources, in the market Downturn in the situation to optimize the product structure, open up the market, income savings in favor of more long-term development.
In recent years, export-oriented development characteristics of the obvious, full growth of exports. However, we also want to see a lot of mine machinery enterprises in China there is a large and not strong, backward technology R \u0026 D capability weaknesses, product upgrading has become China's mining machinery manufacturing industry inevitable trend, experts predict that the mining machinery industry will experience A change in reform, through the survival of the fittest industry to achieve steady development. Throughout the current situation with the modern industry on the economic development and the impact of industrial structure increased, a new round of economic structure will usher in the re-integration of shuffle. Mining machinery enterprises must continue to optimize the industrial structure, focusing on environmental protection and energy conservation research and development, innovation and promote the development of China's mining machinery industry, out of China's mining machinery industry sustainable development of the road.
In the state of industry, companies require development, taking into account the large market environment, but also to market demand and its own development strategy-oriented, adjust and optimize industrial institutions, change the work model, looking for new opportunities. At present, China's mining machinery industry in the high value-added products, production, quality, variety and specifications there is a big gap, while in the new industry, new equipment, new technology, the original development and engineering and developed countries have a certain level Distance, and China's enterprise energy consumption is high, in terms of environmental protection to be improved. These problems in the industry good economic efficiency and did not get enough attention, and now the contract is shrinking the company's own product structure to adjust a good opportunity. The company independent research and production of large sets of crushing machinery in recent years, soaring exports for domestic and foreign customers to provide a perfect solution for mine crushing, the formation of production lines, sand production equipment production line, complete sets of equipment production line a number of products go hand in hand a good situation. State-owned industry will be some low value-added, high energy consumption and high pollution products decisive cut or even cut-off, and targeted to introduce some new products, in the long run for the survival and development of enterprises are of great significance.
Industry experts called on the fierce competition in the face of the world economic situation, only the continuous innovation, China's mining machinery industry to healthy development, and steadily toward the world. For enterprise product structure adjustment and technological innovation, the state industry in the face of energy-saving emission reduction and eliminate backward products, doing very well. In the new period, the company will focus on the combination of production and research to find a new breakthrough in the optimization of industrial institutions, focus on enhancing the core competitiveness of enterprises in the doldrums in the market to seek a contrarian road.