Crusher equipment to improve their own performance Dedicated to social development



Crusher in many construction, mining and cement production and other industries widely used, crusher market competition is also increasingly fierce. Crusher equipment as a very important equipment in the mining machinery and equipment, as the focus of the environmental protection industry enterprises, Shanghai World State Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. is committed to the crushing machine equipment innovation and development and manufacturing, environmental protection as a leader in science and technology, technological innovation As the driving force, adhere to the independent research and development and cooperation research combined, and constantly go beyond the self, to build crusher industry brand.
The face of the market on the endless, different functions of the crusher, really let many manufacturers bother. Of course, different functions of the crusher in the production of sand and gravel has a different role. Such as impact crusher, it is one of the indispensable products of sand making. However, due to the working environment factors, the impact of the technical requirements of the impact of a corresponding higher. As we all know, in the construction process of selection is particularly important, which made a higher demand for sand making equipment. Gravel quality and sand rate, is a test of sand making equipment. Therefore, performance, quality, stability, reputation, service, etc., become the manufacturer to select the product must consider the aspects.
As a specialized R \u0026 D and manufacturer of crushing machines, sand making machines, milling machines, dryers and other mining equipment, the state-owned industry to play host products and host enterprises are larger and have the advantages of a large number of parts enterprises to carry out resources Integration, to promote the optimization of equipment structure upgrade. Truly able to achieve scientific and technological innovation, state state industrial PCL vertical shaft impact crusher oil circulation lubrication system with oil spill, less pumping, under pressure, heat, overload protection device, completely changed the general impact of broken solid grease used Crusher spindle lubrication; and its full lubrication, heat fast, safe, greatly reducing the dry oil lubrication required for routine maintenance inspection work, greatly improving the service life of the equipment to ensure that the punching machine in high temperature, high dust, high strength Under the normal operation.
In addition, the state-owned industrial PCL vertical shaft crusher with overload, overcurrent, short circuit protection device, the lubrication system of oil temperature are monitored. In the event of oil temperature is too high or too little oil, the system will alarm and automatically shut down the operation, while protecting the equipment to ensure the safety of the operator.