Crushing series of equipment to deal with blast furnace slag for China's steel industry to provide the conditions for green development



After the mid-20th century, the comprehensive utilization of blast furnace slag developed rapidly. With the rapid development of blast furnace slag, crusher and mill equipment has become an indispensable equipment in its development. Blast furnace slag can be processed into a variety of materials into the following various materials. The following materials and then through the crusher and milling machine crushing grinding processing, you can effectively use in different industries.
Blast furnace slag is in the blast furnace ironmaking process of an industrial solid waste, also known as blast furnace slag, can be divided into steel slag, cast iron slag, ferromanganese slag and so on. With the rapid development of blast furnace slag, jaw crusher and mill equipment has become an indispensable equipment in its development. The current society is a resourceful, green society, the rapid development of blast furnace slag not only reduces the national waste pollution and the occupation of land, but also make the resources are fully utilized.
The slag crushed stone is a kind of gravel material which is obtained by digging, crushing, magnetic separation and sieving after the slagging of the blast furnace slag or slagging in the designated slag or slag to form a relatively dense slag. Hot lash method and embankment method, slag crushed stone in China can replace natural stone for highway, airport, foundation engineering, railway road slag, concrete aggregate and asphalt pavement.
In the full use of resources to achieve sustainable development under the premise. Shanghai Shibang Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. developed and manufactured crushing series of equipment, specifically suitable for such as blast furnace slag in the hard and abrasive weak brittle materials, and can be adjusted according to the requirements of the grate gap, change the material size, to meet the different Use material requirements. In the past two decades of precipitation and technology accumulation process, to ensure a leading position in the industry. Blast furnace slag of the primary crushing, crushing and grinding process, professional, warm, open, honest world can provide the most dedicated service to help China's steel industry sound and fast development! Crusher and mill in the use of blast furnace slag production will have a better development prospects.