Three counterattack plate crusher against the plate surface




Three-level counterattack plate crusher, such as Hardopact counterattack crusher and PWC-B1314 low-speed three-chamber counterattack crusher, made 2PF1212-type impact crusher, with three counterattack plate crusher and PFQ vortex counterattack broken Machine and so on. If the crusher crushing chamber by counterattack plate division, the first level counterattack plate corresponding to the crushing chamber called a cavity, the second level counterattack plate corresponding to the crushing chamber called two cavities, the third level counterattack plate corresponding to the crushing chamber called three Cavity. Therefore, a crusher with a three-stage counterplate can increase the degree of crushing of the material by increasing the number of crushing chambers to enhance selective crushing. Therefore, by adding a crushing chamber, the lower rotor speed can be achieved not only to achieve the crushing effect which usually requires a higher rotational speed, but also to reduce the excessive size of the product and to reduce the hammer wear. For example, the general two-chamber crusher needs 36 ~ 40 m / s speed to achieve the crushing speed and processing capacity, with three cavities (three counterattack plate) crusher only 22 ~ 30 m / s speed can be. In addition, the impact crusher material crushing ratio depends mainly on the length of the counterattack route. With three counterattack plate crusher counterattack route growth, crushing ratio is relatively large, can get more fine-grained products, but its complex structure.


The inner surface of the counterplate is fitted with a zigzag and flat-shaped liner, and the effect of the material is not the same due to the different shape of the liner. Because the rock impact to the serrated tooth surface on the plane to produce a larger local pressure and due to the zigzag liner liner and the bottom of the counterattack plate to form a dip angle, increasing the rock in the crushing chamber of the residence time. Therefore, the zigzag liner than the flat liner, in other conditions the same circumstances, the product size is more fine and can improve the processing capacity of about 15% to 25%. But the phenomenon of serious crushing, sawtooth wear faster than the plane.


Counterattack crusher counter board design, in fact, is the design of crushing chamber. Because it is composed of counterattack crusher crushing chamber of the most hub sector. The development trend of the crushing chamber is that the feed port is getting lower and larger, the second stage counterattack plate is as far as possible, and the lower end of the discharge port is close to the horizontal line of the rotor center, thereby increasing the crushing effect.