The cone crusher is a powerful helper for the pebble processing market



Crushing machinery used in many industries, the application is more widely in the mining industry, metallurgy, chemical industry, in the chemical industry, most of the broken material is more special, some flammable and explosive, some with a sticky, and some corrosive, and some are extremely hard, Some of the texture is particularly disparate, etc., the choice also need to be careful.
CBBC industry analysis has been widely used in the material crushing method is still mechanical force broken, mainly by the extrusion, arm broken, broken, grinding and impact crushing. Non-mechanical fragmentation has not yet been used in large industrial production. Material in the eccentric cone crusher crushing chamber is mainly crushing crushing, both bending and impact grinding effect. The material in the crushing chamber received a huge squeeze force, when the extrusion force exceeds the cohesion between the material particles, the material will be broken. Which cobblestone sanding more use of jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher, European version of crusher and other equipment, but the production of 30-300 tons of small cobblestone sand production line more use of cone crusher, mainly To meet the requirements of different users.
Shanghai R \u0026 D production of the cone crusher series for the mining machinery industry has created a breakthrough in the development of the opportunity at the same time, boosted the green, energy saving and emission reduction of the cone crusher to become an outstanding representative of the industry. Crusher as a very important equipment in the mining machinery, in recent years the rapid development momentum. As a key enterprise of environmental protection industry, cone crusher in the continuous research and update process, into the hydraulic technology, spring systems and other advanced world level, developed a series of high pitch, optimized cavity and reasonable stroke in one modern Efficient cone crusher. It is widely used in the crushing operations in the fields of mining, metallurgy, construction, road construction and chemistry. It is widely used in the fields of mine, metallurgy, construction, road construction and chemical industry. Has made remarkable achievements.